faced around so as to have the bullet holes in front, you know, 
 and the old man he rode up and shot him down. But he didn’t 
 git much chance to enjoy his luck, for inside of a week our folks 
 laid him out.” 
 
 “I reckon that old man was a coward, Buck.” 
 
 “I reckon he warrit a coward. Not by a blame’ sight. There 
 ain’t a coward amongst them Shepherdsons—not a one. And 
 there ain’t no cowards amongst the Grangerfords, either. Why, 
 the old man kep’ up Iris end in a light one day, for a half an hour, 
 against three Grangerfords, and come out winner. They was all 
 a-horseback; he lit off of his horse and got behind a little wood- 
 pile, and kep’ his horse before him to stop the bullets; but the 
 Grangerfords stayed on their horses and capered around the old 
 man, and peppered away at him, and he peppered away at them. 
 Him and Iris horse both went home pretty leaky and crippled, 
 but the Grangerfords had to be fetched home—and one of ’em 
 was dead, and another died the next day. No, sir, if a body’s out 
 hunting for cowards, he don’t want to fool away any time 
 amongst them Shepherdsons, becuz they don’t breed any of that 
 kind.” 
 
 Next Sunday we all went to church, about three mile, every¬ 
 body a-horseback. The men took their guns along, so did Buck, 
 and kept them between their knees or stood them handy against 
 the wall. The Shepherdsons done the same. It was pretty ornery 
 preaching—all about brotherly love, and such-like tiresomeness; 
 but everybody said it was a good sermon, and they all talked it 
 over going home, and had such a powerful lot to say about faith, 
 and good works, and free grace, and prefore-ordestination, and 
 I don’t know what all, that it did seem to me to be one of the 
 roughest Sundays I had run across yet. 
 
 About an hour after dinner everybody was dozing around, 
 some in their chairs and some in their rooms, and it got to be 
 pretty dull. Buck and a dog was stretched out on the grass in the 
 sun, sound asleep. I went up to our room, and judged I would 
 take a nap myself. I found that sweet Miss Sophia standing in 
 
 A.H.F. 109 E 
 
