glidingest, stealthiest man I ever see; and there warn’t no more 
 smile to him than there is to a ham. 
 
 They had borrowed a melodeum—a sick one; and when every¬ 
 thing was ready, a young woman set down and worked it, and 
 it was pretty skreeky and cohcky, and everybody joined in and 
 sung, and Peter was the only one that had a good thing, according 
 to my notion. Then the Reverend Hobson opened up, slow and 
 solemn, and begun to talk; and straight off the most outrageous 
 row busted out in the cellar a body ever heard; it was only one 
 dog, but he made a most powerful racket, and he kept it up, 
 right along; the parson he had to stand there, over the coffin, and 
 wait—you couldn’t hear yourself think. It was right down awk¬ 
 ward, and nobody didn’t seem to know what to do. But pretty 
 soon they see that long-legged undertaker make a sign to the 
 preacher as much as to say, “Don’t you worry—just depend on 
 me.” Then he stooped down and begun to glide along the wall, 
 just his shoulders showing over the people’s heads. So he glided 
 along, and the pow-wow and racket getting more and more 
 outrageous all the time; and at last, when he had gone around 
 two sides of the room, he disappears down cellar. Then, in about 
 two seconds we heard a whack, and the dog he finished up with 
 a most amazing howl or two, and then everything was dead still, 
 and the parson begun his solemn talk where he left off. In a 
 minute or two here comes this undertaker’s back and shoulders 
 gliding along the wall again; and so he glided, and glided, around 
 three sides of the room, and then rose up, and shaded his mouth 
 with his hands, and stretched his neck out towards the preacher, 
 over the people’s heads, and says, in a kind of a coarse whisper, 
 “He had a rat!” Then he drooped down and glided along the wall 
 again to his place. You could see it was a great satisfaction to the 
 people, because naturally they wanted to know. A httle thing 
 like that don’t cost nothing, and it’s just the little things that 
 makes a man to be looked up to and liked. There warn’t no more 
 popular man in town than what that undertaker was. 
 
 Well, the funeral sermon was very good, but pison long and 
 
 181 
 
