“That’s me, every time,” says I. “But maybe his chance ain’t 
 worth no more than that, if he’ll sell it so cheap. Maybe there’s 
 something ain’t straight about it.” 
 
 “But it is, though—straight as a string. I see the handbill 
 myself. It tells all about him, to a dot—paints him like a picture, 
 and tells the plantation he’s frum, below Newr/e<7»s. No-sirree- 
 bob, they ain’t no trouble ’bout that speculation, you bet you. 
 Say, gimme a chaw tobacker, won’t ye?” 
 
 I didn’t have none, so he left. I went to the raft, and set down 
 in the wigwam to think. But I couldn’t come to nothing. I 
 thought till I wore my head sore, but I couldn’t see no way out 
 of the trouble. After all this long journey, and after all we’d done 
 for them scoundrels, here was it all come to nothing, everything 
 all busted up and ruined, because they could have the heart to 
 serve Jim such a trick as that, and make him a slave again all his 
 life, and amongst strangers, too, for forty dirty dollars. 
 
 Once I said to myself it would be a thousand times better for 
 Jim to be a slave at home where his family was, as long as he’d 
 got to be a slave, and so I’d better write a letter to Tom Sawyer, 
 and tell him to tell Miss Watson where he was. But I soon give 
 up that notion, for two things: she’d be mad and disgusted at his 
 rascality and ungratefulness for leaving her, and so she’d sell him 
 straight down the river again; and if she didn’t, everybody natur¬ 
 ally despises an ungrateful nigger, and they’d make Jim feel it all 
 the time, and so he’d feel ornery and disgraced. And then think 
 of me l It would get all around that Huck Finn helped a nigger to 
 get his freedom; and if I was to ever see anybody from that town 
 again, I’d be ready to get down and lick his boots for shame. 
 That’s just the way; a person does a low-down thing, and then he 
 don’t want to take no consequences of it. Thinks as long as he can 
 hide it, it ain’t no disgrace. That was my fix exactly. The more 
 I studied about this, the more my conscience went to grinding 
 me, and the more wicked and low-down and ornery I got to 
 feeling. And at last, when it hit me all of a sudden that here was 
 the plain hand of Providence slapping me in the face and letting 
 
 212 
 
