it, when he got done fooling around—but we would ride. I 
 couldn’t get him to let me stay and wait for Sid; and he said 
 there warn’t no use in it, and I must come along, and let Aunt 
 Sally see we was all right. 
 
 When we got home, Aunt Sally was that glad to see me she 
 laughed and cried both, and hugged me, and give me one of 
 them lickings of hern that don’t amount to shucks, and said she’d 
 serve Sid the same when he come. 
 
 And the place was plumb full of farmers and farmers’ wives, 
 to dinner; and such another clack a body never heard. Old Mrs. 
 Hotchkiss was the worst; her tongue was a-going all the time. 
 She says: 
 
 “Well, Sister Phelps, I’ve ransacked that-air cabin over an’ I 
 b’lieve the nigger was crazy. I says so to Sister Damrell—didn’t 
 I, Sister Damrell?—s’l, he’s crazy, s’l—them’s the very words I 
 said. You all heam me: he’s crazy, s’l, everything shows it, s’l. 
 Look at that-air grindstone, s’l; want to tell me ’t any cretur ’ts 
 in his right mind’s a-goin’ to scrabble all them crazy things on 
 to a grindstone, s’l? Here sich ’n’ sich a person busted his heart; 
 ’n’ here so-’n’-so pegged along for thirty-seven year, ’n’ all that 
 —natcherl son o’ Louis somebody, ’n’ sich everlast’n rubbage. 
 He’s plumb crazy, s’l; it’s what I says in the fust place, it’s what 
 I says in the middle, ’n’ it’s what I says last ’n’ all the time—the 
 nigger’s crazy—crazy’s Nebokoodneezer, s’l.” 
 
 “An’ look at that-air ladder made out’n rags, Sister Hotch¬ 
 kiss,” says old Mrs. Damrell, “what in the name o’ goodness 
 could he ever want of-” 
 
 “The very words I was a-sayin’ no longer ago th’n this minute 
 to Sister Utterback, ’n’ she’ll tell you so herself. Sh-she, look at 
 that-air rag ladder, sh’she; ’n’ s’l, yes, look at it, s’l—what could 
 he a wanted of it. s’l? Sh-she, Sister Hotchkiss, sh-she-” 
 
 “But how in the nation’d they ever git that grindstone in there, 
 any- way? ’n’ who dug that-air hole ? ’n’ who-” 
 
 “My very words. Brer Penrod! I was a-sayin’—pass that-air 
 sasser o’ m’lasses, won’t ye?—I was a-sayin’ to sister Dunlap, jist 
 
 278 
 
