tiresome; and then the king he shoved in and got off some of his 
 usual rubbage, and at last the job was through, and the under¬ 
 taker begun to sneak up on the coffin with his screwdriver. I 
 was in a sweat then, and watched him pretty keen. But he never 
 meddled at all; just slid the lid along, as soft as mush, and screwed 
 it down tight and fast. So there I was! I didn’t know whether the 
 money was in there, or not. So, says I, s’pose somebody has 
 hogged that bag on the sly?—now how do I know whether to 
 write to Mary Jane or not? S’pose she dug him up and didn’t find 
 nothing—what would she think of me? Blame it, I says, I might 
 get hunted up and jailed; I’d better lay low and keep dark, and 
 not write at all; the thing’s awful mixed, now; trying to better it, 
 I’ve worsened it a hundred times, and I wish to goodness I’d 
 just let it alone, dad fetch the whole business! 
 
 They buried him, and we come back home, and I went to 
 watching faces again—I couldn’t help it, and I couldn’t rest easy. 
 But nothing come of it; the faces didn’t tell me nothing. 
 
 The king he visited around, in the evening, and sweetened 
 everybody up, and made himself ever so friendly; and he give 
 out the idea that his congregation over in England would be in 
 a sweat about him, so he must hurry and settle up the estate right 
 away, and leave for home. He was very sorry he was so pushed, 
 and so was everybody; they wished he could stay longer, but 
 they said they could see it couldn’t be done. And he said of course 
 him and William would take the girls home with them; and that 
 pleased everybody too, because then the girls would be well 
 fixed, and amongst their own relations; and it pleased the girls, 
 too—tickled them so they clean forgot they ever had a trouble 
 in the world; and told him to sell out as quick as he wanted to, 
 they would be ready. Them poor things was that glad and happy 
 it made my heart ache to see them getting fooled and lied to so, 
 but I didn’t see no safe way for me to chip in and change the 
 general tune. 
 
 Well, blamed if the king didn’t bill the house and the niggers 
 and all the property for auction straight off—sale two days after 
 
 182 
 
