and clip it down the river with what we’ve got. Specially, seeing 
 we got it so easy —given back to us, flung at our heads, as you 
 may say, when of course we allowed to have to steal it back. I’m 
 for knocking off and lighting out.” 
 
 That made me feel pretty bad. About an hour or two ago, it 
 would a been a little different, but now it made me feel bad and 
 disappointed.The king rips out and says: 
 
 “What! And not sell out the rest o’ the property? March off 
 like a passel o’ fools and leave eight or nine thous’n’ dollars’ 
 worth o’ property layin’ around jest sufferin’ to be scooped in? 
 —and all good saleable stuff, too.” 
 
 The duke he grumbled; said the bag of gold was enough, and 
 he didn’t want to go no deeper—didn’t want to rob a lot of 
 orphans of everything they had. 
 
 “Why, how you talk!” says the king. “We shan’t rob ’em of 
 nothing at all but jest this money. The people that buys the 
 property is the suff’rers; because as soon’s it’s found out ’at we 
 didn’t own it—which won’t be long after we’ve slid—the sale 
 won’t be valid, and it’ll all go back to the estate. These-yer 
 orphans’ll git their house back again, and that’s enough for them; 
 they’re young and spry, and k’n easy earn a livin’. They ain’t 
 a-going to suffer. Why, jest think—there’s thous’n’s and thous’n’s 
 that ain’t nigh so well off. Bless you, they ain’t got noth’n to 
 complain of.” 
 
 Well, the king he talked him blind; so at last he give in, 
 and said all right, but said he believed it was blame’ foolishness 
 to stay, and that doctor hanging over them. But the king 
 says: 
 
 “Cuss the doctor! What do we k’yer for him ? Hain’t we got 
 all the fools in town on our side? and ain’t that a big enough 
 majority in any town?” 
 
 So they got ready to go downstairs again. The duke says: 
 
 “I don’t think we put that money in a good place.” 
 
 That cheered me up. I’d begun to think I warn’t going to get 
 a hint of no kind to help me. The king says: 
 
 177 
 
