Mississippi in both ways: lie had spent his childhood on its banks, 
 and he had earned his living matching his wits against its currents. 
 
 Thus the River makes the book a great book. As with 
 Conrad, we are continually reminded of the power and terror of 
 Nature, and the isolation and feebleness of Man. Conrad remains 
 always the European observer of the tropics, the white man’s eye 
 contemplating the Congo and its black gods. But Mark Twain is 
 a native, and the River God is his God. It is as a native that he 
 accepts the River God, and it is the subjection of Man that gives 
 to Man his dignity. For without some kind of God, Man is not 
 even very interesting. 
 
 Readers sometimes deplore the fact that the story descends to 
 the level of Tom Sawyer from the moment that Tom himself 
 re-appears. Such readers protest that the escapades invented by 
 Tom, in the attempted “rescue” of Jim, are only a tedious 
 development of themes with which we were already too familiar 
 —even while admitting that the escapades themselves are very 
 amusing, and some of the incidental observations memorable . 1 
 But it is right that the mood of the end of the book should 
 bring us back to that of the beginning. Or, if this was not the 
 right ending for the book, what ending would have been right? 
 
 In Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain wrote a much greater book 
 than he could have known he was writing. Perhaps all great 
 works of art mean much more than the author could have been 
 aware of meaning: certainly, Huckleberry Finn is the one book of 
 Mark Twain’s which, as a whole, has this unconsciousness. So 
 what seems to be the rightness, of reverting at the end of the book 
 to the mood of Tom Sawyer, was perhaps unconscious art. For 
 Huckleberry Finn, neither a tragic nor a happy ending would be 
 suitable. No worldly success or social satisfaction, no domestic 
 consummation would be worthy of him; a tragic end also would 
 reduce him to the level of those whom we pity. Huck Finn must 
 come from nowhere and be bound for nowhere. His is not the 
 independence of the typical or symbolic American Pioneer, but 
 1 e -£- “Jim don’t know anybody in China.” 
 
 XV 
 
