somebody to go for that gang and get them out of their scrape, 
 so they can be hung when their time comes.” 
 
 But that idea was a failure; for pretty soon it begun to storm 
 again, and this time worse than ever. The rain poured down, and 
 never a light showed; everybody in bed, I reckon. We boomed 
 along down the river, watching for lights and watching for our 
 raft. After a long time the rain let up, but the clouds stayed, and 
 the lightning kept whimpering, and by and by a flash showed us 
 a black thing ahead, floating, and we made for it. 
 
 It was the raft, and mighty glad we was to get aboard of it 
 again. We seen a light, now, away down to the right, on shore. 
 So I said I would go for it. The skiff was half full of plunder 
 which that gang had stole, there on the wreck. We hustled it on 
 to the raft in a pile, and I told Jim to float along down, and show 
 a light when he judged he had gone about two mile, and keep it 
 burning till I come; then I manned my oars and shoved for the 
 light. As I got down towards it, three or four more showed—up 
 on a hillside. It was a village. I closed in above the shore-light, 
 and laid on my oars and floated. As I went by, I see it was a 
 lantern hanging on the jackstaff of a double-hull ferry-boat. I 
 skimmed around for the watchman, a-wondering whereabouts 
 he slept; and by and by I found him roosting on the bitts, for¬ 
 ward, with his head down between his knees. I give his shoulder 
 two or three little shoves, and begun to cry. 
 
 He stirred up, in a kind of a startlish way; but when he see it 
 was only me, he took a good gap and stretched, and then he says: 
 
 “Hallo, what’s up? Don’t cry, bub. What’s the trouble?” 
 
 I says: 
 
 “Pap, and mam, and sis, and-” 
 
 Then I broke down. He says: 
 
 “Oh, dang it, now, don’t take on so, we all has to have our 
 troubles and this’n ’ll come out all right. What’s the matter with 
 
 9 -s99 
 
 em? 
 
 “They’re—they’re—are you the watchman of the boat?” 
 
 “Yes,” he says, kind of pretty-well-satisfied like. “I’m the cap- 
 
 72 
 
