two men standing over him, and one of them had a dim lantern 
 in his hand, and the other had a pistol. This one kept pointing 
 the pistol at the man’s head on the floor and saying: 
 
 “I’d like to! And I orter, too, a mean skunk!” 
 
 The man on the floor would shrivel up, and say, “Oh, please 
 don’t, Bill—I hain’t ever goin’ to tell.” 
 
 And every time he said that, the man with the lantern would 
 laugh, and say: 
 
 “ ’Deed you ain’t] You never said no truer thing’n that, you 
 bet you.” And once he said, “Hear him beg! and yit if we hadn’t 
 got the best of him and tied him, he’d a killed us both. And what 
 for ? Jist for noth’n. Jist because we stood on our rights —that’s 
 what for. But I lay you ain’t a-goin’ to threaten nobody any 
 more, Jim Turner. Put up that pistol, Bill.” 
 
 Bill says: 
 
 “I don’t want to, Jake Packard. I’m for killin’ him—and didn’t 
 he kill old Hatfield jist the same way—and don’t he deserve it?” 
 
 “But I don’t want him killed, and I’ve got my reasons for it.” 
 
 “Bless yo’ heart for them words, Jake Packard! I’ll never forgit 
 you, long’s I live!” says the man on the floor, sort of blubbering. 
 
 Packard didn’t take no notice of that, but hung up Iris lantern 
 on a nail, and started towards where I was, there in the dark, and 
 motioned Bill to come. I crawfished as fast as I could, about two 
 yards, but the boat slanted so that I couldn’t make very good 
 time; so to keep from getting run over and catched I crawled into 
 a stateroom on the upper side. The man come a-pawing along 
 in the dark, and when Packard got to my stateroom, he says: 
 
 “Here—come in here.” 
 
 And in he came, and Bill after him. But before they got in, 
 I was up in the upper berth, cornered, and sorry I came. Then 
 they stood there, with their hands on the ledge of the berth, and 
 talked. I couldn’t see them, but I could tell where they was, by 
 the whisky they’d been having. I was glad I didn’t drink whisky; 
 but it wouldn’t made much difference, anyway, because most of 
 the time they couldn’t a tree’d me because I didn’t breathe. I 
 
 68 
 
