there—and if you hadn’t had him to start you, you’d a taken it 
 out in blowing. 
 
 “You didn’t want to come. The average man don’t like trouble 
 and danger. You don’t like trouble and danger. But if only half 
 a man—like Buck Harkness, there—shouts ‘Lynch him, lynch 
 him!’ you’re afraid to back down—afraid you’ll be found out to 
 be what you are— cowards —and so you raise a yell, and hang 
 yourselves on to that half-a-man’s coat tail, and come raging up 
 here, swearing what big things you’re going to do. The pitifullest 
 tiling out is a mob; that’s what an army is—a mob; they don’t 
 fight with courage that’s born in them, but with courage that’s 
 borrowed from their mass, and from their officers. But a mob 
 without any man at the head of it, is beneath pitifulness. Now the 
 thing for you to do, is to droop your tails and go home and crawl 
 in a hole. If any real lynching’s going to be done, it will be done 
 in the dark, Southern fashion; and when they come they’ll bring 
 their masks, and fetch a man along. Now leave —and take your 
 half-a-man with you”—tossing his gun up across his left arm and 
 cocking it, when he says this. 
 
 The crowd washed back sudden, and then broke all apart and 
 went tearing off every which way, and Buck Harkness he heeled 
 it after them, looking tolerable cheap. I could a stayed, if I’d a 
 wanted to, but I didn’t want to. 
 
 I went to the circus, and loafed around the back side till the 
 watchman went by, and then dived in under the tent. I had my 
 twenty-dollar gold piece and some other money, but I reckoned 
 I better save it, because there ain’t no telling how soon you are 
 going to need it, away from home and amongst strangers, that 
 way. You can’t be too careful. I ain’t opposed to spending money 
 on circuses, when there ain’t no other way, but there ain’t no use 
 in wasting it on them. 
 
 It was a real bully circus. It was the splendidest sight that ever 
 was, when they all come riding in, two and two, a gentleman and 
 lady, side by side, the men just in their drawers and under-shirts, 
 and no shoes nor stirrups, and resting their hands on their thighs, 
 
 147 
 
