down it sunk, out of sight. You could easy see that something 
 had been dragged over the ground. I did wish Tom Sawyer was 
 there, I knowed he would take an interest in this kind of business, 
 and throw in the fancy touches. Nobody could spread himself 
 like Tom Sawyer in such a thing as that. 
 
 Well, last I pulled out some of my hair, and bloodied the axe 
 good, and stuck it on the back side, and slung the axe in the 
 corner. Then I took up the pig and held him to my breast with 
 my jacket (so he couldn’t drip) till I got a good piece below the 
 house and then dumped him into the river. Now I thought of 
 something else. So I went and got the bag of meal and my old 
 saw out of the canoe and fetched them to the house. I took the 
 bag to where it used to stand, and ripped a hole in the bottom 
 of it with the saw, for there warn’t no knives and forks on the 
 place—pap done everything with his clasp-knife, about the cook¬ 
 ing. Then I carried the sack about a hundred yards across the 
 grass and through the willows east of the house, to a shallow lake 
 that was five miles wide and full of rushes—and ducks too, you 
 might say, in the season. There was a slough or a creek leading 
 out of it on the other side, that went miles away, I don’t know 
 where, but it didn’t go to the river. The meal sifted out and made 
 a little track all the way to the lake. I dropped pap’s whetstone 
 there too, so as to look like it had been done by accident. Then I 
 tied up the rip in the meal sack with a string, so if wouldn’t leak 
 no more, and took it and my saw to the canoe again. 
 
 It was about dark, now; so I dropped the canoe down the 
 river under some willows that hung over the bank, and waited 
 for the moon to rise. I made fast to a willow; then I took a bite 
 to eat, and by and by laid down in the canoe to smoke a pipe and 
 lay out a plan. I says to myself, they’ll follow the track of that 
 sackful of rocks to the shore and then drag the river for me. And 
 they’ll follow that meal track to the lake and go browsing down 
 the creek that leads out of it to find the robbers that killed me 
 and took the tilings. They won’t ever hunt the river for anything 
 but my dead carcass. They’ll soon get tired of that, and won’t 
 
 33 
 
