I says: 
 
 “No, your majesty, we warn’t —please don’t, your majesty!” 
 
 “Quick, then, and tell us what was your idea, or I’ll shake the 
 insides out o’ you!” 
 
 “Honest, I’ll tell you everything, just as it happened, your 
 majesty. The man that had aholt of me was very good to me, and 
 kept saying he had a boy about as big as me that died last year, 
 and he was sorry to see a boy in such a dangerous fix; and when 
 they was all took by surprise by finding the gold, and made a 
 rush for the coffin, he lets go of me and whispers, ‘Heel it, now, 
 or they’ll hang ye, sure!’ and I lit out. It didn’t seem no good for 
 me to stay —I couldn’t do nothing, and I didn’t want to be hung 
 if I could get away. So I never stopped running till I found the 
 canoe; and when I got here I told Jim to hurry, or they’d catch 
 me and hang me yet, and said I was afeard you and the duke 
 wasn’t alive, now, and I was awful sorry, and so was Jim, and 
 was awful glad when we see you coming, you may ask Jim if I 
 didn’t.” 
 
 Jim said it was so; and the king told him to shut up, and said, 
 “Oh, yes, it’s mighty likely!” and shook me up again, and said 
 he reckoned he’d drownd me. But the duke says: 
 
 “Leggo the boy, you old idiot! Would you a done any differ¬ 
 ent? Did you inquire around for him, when you got loose? I don’t 
 remember it.” 
 
 So the king let go of me, and begun to cuss that town and 
 everybody in it. But the duke says: 
 
 “You better a blame’ sight give yourself a good cussing, for 
 you’re the one that’s entitled to it most. You hain’t done a thing, 
 from the start, that had any sense in it, except coming out so cool 
 and cheeky with that imaginary blue-arrow mark. That was 
 bright—it was right down bully; and it was the thing that saved 
 us. For if it hadn’t been for that, they’d a jailed us till them 
 Englishmen’s baggage come—and then—the penitentiary, you 
 bet! But that trick took ’em to the graveyard, and the gold done 
 us a still bigger kindness; for if the excited fools hadn’t let go all 
 
 206 
 
