“No, I ain’t out of my head; I know all what I’m talking 
 about. We did set him free—me and Tom. We laid out to do 
 it, and we done it. And we done it elegant, too.” He’d got a 
 start, and she never checked him up, just set and stared and 
 stared, and let him clip along, and I see it warn’t no use for me 
 to put in. “Why, Aunty, it cost us a power of work—weeks of 
 it—hours and hours, every night, whilst you was all asleep. And 
 we had to steal candles, and the sheet, and the shirt, and your 
 dress, and spoons, and tin plates, and case-knives, and the 
 warming-pan, and the grindstone, and flour, and just no end of 
 things, and you can’t think what work it was to make the saws, 
 and pens, and inscriptions, and one tiling or another, and you 
 can’t think half the fun it was. And we had to make up the 
 pictures of coffins and things, and nonnamous letters from the 
 robbers, and get up and down the lightning-rod, and dig the 
 hole into the cabin, and make the rope-ladder and send it in 
 cooked up in a pie, and send in spoons and things to work with, 
 in your apron pocket-” 
 
 “Mercy sakes!” 
 
 “—and load up the cabin with rats and snakes and so on, for 
 company for Jim; and then you kept Tom here so long with the 
 butter in his hat that you come near spilling the whole business 
 because the men come before we was out of the cabin, and we 
 had to rush, and they heard us and let drive at us, and I got my 
 share, and we dodged out of the path and let them go by, and 
 when the dogs come they warn’t interested in us, but went for 
 the most noise, and we got our canoe, and made for the raft, and 
 was all safe, and Jim was a free man, and we done it all by our¬ 
 selves, and wasn't it bully, Aunty!” 
 
 “Well, I never heard the hkes of it in all my born days! So it 
 was you, you little rapscallions, that’s been making all this 
 trouble, and turned everybody’s wits clean inside out and scared 
 us all most to death. I’ve as good a notion as ever I had in my 
 life, to take it out o’ you this very minute. To think, here 
 I’ve been, night after night, a —you just get well once, you 
 
 287 
 
