go home—he must go right away. But it didn’t do no good. He 
 cussed away, with all his might, and throwed his hat down in 
 the mud and rode over it, and pretty soon away he went a-raging 
 down the street again, with his grey hair a-flying. Everybody 
 that could get a chance at him tried their best to coax him off of 
 his horse so they could lock him up and get him sober; but it 
 warn’t no use—up the street he would tear again, and give 
 Sherburn another cussing. By and by somebody says: 
 
 “Go for Inis daughter!—quick, go for his daughter; sometimes 
 he’ll listen to her. If anybody can persuade him, she can.” 
 
 So somebody started on a run. I walked down street a ways, 
 and stopped. In about five or ten minutes, here comes Boggs 
 again—but not on his horse. He was a-reeling across the street 
 towards me, bareheaded, with a friend on both sides of him aholt 
 of his arms and hurrying him along. He was quiet, and looked 
 uneasy; and he warn’t hanging back any, but was doing some of 
 the hurrying himself. Somebody sings out: 
 
 “Boggs!” 
 
 I looked over there to see who said it, and it was that Colonel 
 Sherburn. He was standing perfectly still in the street, and had a 
 pistol raised in his right hand—not aiming it, but holding it out 
 with the barrel tilted up towards the sky. The same second I see 
 a young girl coming on the run, and two men with her. Boggs 
 and the men turned round, to see who called him, and when 
 they see the pistol the men jumped to one side, and the pistol 
 barrel come down slow and steady to a level—both barrels 
 cocked. Boggs throws up both of his hands, and says, “O Lord, 
 don’t shoot!” Bang! goes the first shot, and he staggers back 
 clawing at the air—bang! goes the second one, and he tumbles 
 backwards on to the ground, heavy and solid, with his arms 
 spread out. That young girl screamed out, and conies rushing, 
 and down she throws herself on her father, crying, and saying, 
 “Oh, he’s killed him, he’s killed him!” The crowd closed up 
 around them, and shouldered and jammed one another, with 
 their necks stretched, trying to see, and people on the inside try- 
 
 143 
 
