bread and float them off because they always go right to the 
 drownded carcass and stop there. So says I, I’ll keep a look-out, 
 and if any of them’s floating around after me, I’ll give them a 
 show. I changed to the Illinois edge of the island to see what 
 luck I could have, and I warn’t disappointed. A big double loaf 
 come along, and I most got it, with a long stick, but my foot 
 slipped and she floated out further. Of course I was where the 
 current set in the closest to the shore—I knowed enough for that. 
 But by and by along comes another one, and this time I won. 
 I took out the plug and shook out the little dab of quicksilver, 
 and set my teeth in. It was “baker’s bread”—what the quality 
 eat—none of your low-down corn-pone. 
 
 I got a good place amongst the leaves, and set there on a log, 
 munching the bread and watching the ferry-boat, and very well 
 satisfied. And then something struck me. I says, now I reckon 
 the widow or the parson or somebody prayed that this bread 
 would find me, and here it has gone and done it. So there ain’t 
 no doubt but there is something in that thing. That is, there’s 
 something in it when a body like the widow or the parson prays, 
 but it don’t work for me, and I reckon it don’t work for only 
 just the right kind. 
 
 I lit a pipe and had a good long smoke and went on watching. 
 The ferry-boat was floating with the current, and I allowed I’d 
 have a chance to see who was aboard when she come along, 
 because she would come in close, where the bread did. When 
 she’d got pretty well along down towards me, I put out my pipe 
 and went to where I fished out the bread, and laid down behind 
 a log on the bank in a little open place. Where the log forked I 
 could peep through. 
 
 By and by she come along, and she drifted in so close that they 
 could a run out a plank and walked ashore. Most everybody was 
 on the boat. Pap, and Judge Thatcher, and Bessie Thatcher, and 
 Jo Harper, and Tom Sawyer, and his old Aunt Polly, and Sid 
 and Mary, and plenty more. Everybody was talking about the 
 murder, but the captain broke in and says: 
 
 37 
 
