with a couple of mighty hard-looking strangers, and then went 
 off with them. Well, he hain’t come back sence, and they ain’t 
 looking for him back till this thing blows over a little, for people 
 thinks now that he killed his boy and fixed things so folks would 
 think robbers done it, and then he’d get Huck’s money without 
 having to bother a long time with a lawsuit. People do say he 
 wam’t any too good to do it. Oh, he’s sly, I reckon. If he don’t 
 come back for a year, he’ll be all right. You can’t prove anything 
 on him, you know; everything will be quieted down then, and 
 he’ll walk into Huck’s money as easy as nothing.” 
 
 “Yes, I reckon so, ’m. I don’t see nothing in the way of it. Has 
 everybody quit thinking the nigger done it?” 
 
 “Oh, no, not everybody. A good many thinks he done it. But 
 they’ll get the nigger pretty soon, now, and maybe they can 
 scare it out of him.” 
 
 “Why, are they after him yet?” 
 
 “Well, you’re innocent, ain’t you! Does three hundred dollars 
 lay round every day for people to pick up? Some folks thinks the 
 nigger ain’t far from here. I’m one of them—but I hain’t talked 
 it around. A few days ago I was talking with an old couple that 
 lives next door in the log shanty, and they happened to say hardly 
 anybody ever goes to that island over yonder that they call Jack¬ 
 son’s Island. Don’t anybody live there? says I. No, nobody, says 
 they. I didn’t say any more, but I done some thinking. I was 
 pretty near certain I’d seen smoke over there, about the head of 
 the island, a day or two before that, so I says to myself, like as 
 not that nigger’s hiding over there; anyway, says I, it’s worth the 
 trouble to give the place a hunt. I hain’t seen any smoke sence, 
 so I reckon maybe he’s gone, if it was him; but husband’s going 
 over to see—him and another man. He was gone up the river; 
 but he got back to-day and I told him as soon as he got here two 
 hours ago.” 
 
 I had got so uneasy I couldn’t set still. I had to do something 
 with my hands; so I took up a needle off of the table and went 
 to threading it. My hands shook, and I was making a bad job of 
 
 57 
 
