the difficulties. Well, we can’t help it, we got to do the best we 
 can with the materials we’ve got. Anyhow, there’s one thing—- 
 there’s more honour in getting him out through a lot of difficul¬ 
 ties and dangers, where there warn’t one of them furnished to 
 you by the people who it was their duty to furnish them, and 
 you had to contrive them all out of your own head. Now look 
 at just that one tiling of the lantern. When you come down to 
 the cold facts, we simply got to let on that a lantern’s resky. Why, 
 we could work with a torchlight procession if we wanted to, F 
 believe. Now, whilst I think of it, we got to hunt up something 
 to make a saw out of, the first chance we get.” 
 
 “What do we want of a saw?” 
 
 “What do we want of it? Hain’t we got to saw the leg of Jim’s 
 bed off, so as to get the chain loose?” 
 
 “Why, you just said a body could lift up the bedstead and 
 slip the chain off.” 
 
 “Well, if that ain’t just like you, Huck Finn. You can get up 
 the infant-schooliest ways of going at a thing. Why, hain’t you 
 ever read any books at all?—Baron Trenck, nor Casanova, nor 
 Benvenuto Challeeny, nor Henri IV, nor none of them heroes? 
 Who ever heard of getting a prisoner loose in such an old-maidy 
 way as that? No; the way all the best authorities does, is to saw 
 the bed-leg in two, and leave it just so, and swallow the sawdust, 
 so it can’t be found, and put some dirt and grease around the 
 sawed place so the very keenest sencskal can’t see no sign of its 
 being sawed, and thinks the bed-leg is perfectly sound. Then, 
 the night you’re ready, fetch the leg a kick, down she goes; slip 
 off your chain, and there you are. Nothing to do but hitch your 
 rope-ladder to the battlements, shin down it, break your leg in 
 the moat—because a rope-ladder is nineteen foot too short, you 
 know—and there’s your horses and your trusty vassles, and they 
 scoop you up and fling you across a saddle and away you go, 
 to your native Langudoc, or Navarre, or wherever it is. It’s gaudy, 
 Huck. I wish there was a moat to this cabin. If we get time, the- 
 night of the escape, we’ll dig one.” 
 
 239 
 
