At last they got out the coffin, and begun to unscrew the lid, 
 and then such another crowding, and shouldering, and shoving 
 as there was, to scrouge in and get a sight, you never see; and in 
 the dark, that way, it was awful. Hines he hurt my wrist dreadful, 
 pulling and tugging so, and I reckon he clean forgot I was in 
 the world, he was so excited and panting. 
 
 All of a sudden the lightning let go a perfect sluice of white 
 glare, and somebody sings out: 
 
 “By the living jingo, here’s the bag of gold on Inis breast!” 
 
 Hines let out a whoop, like everybody else, and dropped my 
 wrist, and give a big surge to bust his way in and get a look, and 
 the way I lit out and shinned for the road in the dark, there ain’t 
 nobody can tell. 
 
 I had the road all to myself, and I fairly flew—leastways I had 
 it all to myself except the solid dark, and the now-and-then 
 glares, and the buzzing of the rain, and the thrashing of the wind, 
 and the splitting of the thunder; and sure as you are born I did 
 clip it along! 
 
 When I struck the town, I see there warn’t nobody out in the 
 storm, so I never hunted for no back streets, but humped it 
 straight through the main one; and when I begun to get towards 
 our house I aimed my eye and set it. No light there; the house 
 all dark—which made me feel sorry and disappointed, I didn’t 
 know why. But at last, just as I was sailing by, flash comes the 
 light in Mary Jane’s window! and my heart swelled up sudden, 
 like to bust; and the same second the house and all was behind 
 me in the dark, and wasn’t ever going to be before me no more 
 in this world. She was the best girl I ever see, and had the most 
 sand. 
 
 The minute I was far enough above the town to see I could 
 make the tow-head, I began to look sharp for a boat to borrow; 
 and the first time the lightning showed me one that wasn’t 
 chained, I snatched it and shoved. It was a canoe, and warn’t 
 fastened with nothing but a rope. The tow-head was a rattling 
 big distance off, away out there in the middle of the river, but 
 
 204 
 
