Ike. Pa, he lowed he’d break up and go down and live with 
 Uncle Ben, who’s got a litde one-horse place on the river, forty- 
 four mile below Orleans. Pa was pretty poor, and had some 
 debts; so when he’d squared up there warn’t nothing left but 
 sixteen dollars and our nigger, Jim. That warn’t enough to take 
 us fourteen hundred mile, deck passage nor no other way. Well, 
 when the river rose, pa had a streak of luck one day; he ketched 
 this piece of a raft; so we reckoned we’d go down to Orleans 
 on it. Pa’s luck didn’t hold out; a steamboat run over the forrard 
 comer of the raft, one night, and we all went overboard and dove 
 under the wheel; Jim and me come up, all right, but pa was 
 drunk, and Ike was only four years old, so they never come up 
 no more. Well, for the next day or two we had considerable 
 trouble, because people was always coming out in skiffs and try¬ 
 ing to take Jim away from me, saying they believed he was a 
 runaway nigger. We don’t run day-times no more, now; nights 
 they don’t bother us.” 
 
 The duke says: 
 
 “Leave me alone to cipher out a way so we can run in the day¬ 
 time if we want to. I’ll think the thing over-—I’ll invent a plan 
 that’ll fix it. We’ll let it alone for to-day, because of course we 
 don’t want to go by that town yonder in daylight—it mightn’t 
 be healthy.” 
 
 Towards night it began to darken up and look like rain: the 
 heat lightning was squirting around, low down in the sky, and 
 the leaves was beginning to shiver—it was going to be pretty 
 ugly, it was easy to see that. So the duke and the king went to 
 overhauling our wigwam, to see what the beds was like. My bed 
 was a straw tick—better than Jim’s, which was a corn-shuck tick; 
 there’s always cobs around about in a shuck tick, and they poke 
 into you and hurt; and when you roll over, the dry shucks sound 
 like you was rolling over in a pile of dead leaves; it makes such 
 a rustling that you wake up. Well, the duke allowed he would 
 take my bed; but the king allowed he wouldn’t. He says: 
 
 “I should a reckoned the difference in rank would a sejested to 
 
 126 
 
