around, gars, and such, and they do get pretty rank; and next 
 you’ve got the full day, and everything smiling in the sun, and 
 the song-birds just going it! 
 
 A little smoke couldn’t be noticed, now, so we would take 
 some fish off of the hues and cook up a hot breakfast. And after¬ 
 wards we would watch the lonesomeness of the river, and kind 
 of lazy along, and by and by lazy off to sleep. Wake up, by and 
 by, and look to see what done it, and maybe see a steamboat, 
 coughing along up stream, so far off towards the other side you 
 couldn’t tell nothing about her only whether she was stern- 
 wheel or side-wheel; then for about an hour there wouldn’t be 
 nothing to hear nor nothing to see—just solid lonesomeness. 
 Next you’d see a raft sliding by, away off yonder, and maybe a 
 galoot on it chopping, because they’re most always doing it on 
 a raft; you’d see the axe flash, and come down—you don’t hear 
 nothing; you see that axe go up again, and by the time it’s above 
 the man’s head, then you hear the k’chunk !—it had took all that 
 time to come over the water. So we would put in the day, lazy- 
 ing around, listening to the stillness. Once there was a thick fog, 
 and the rafts and things that went by was beating tin pans so the 
 steamboats wouldn’t run over them. A scow or a raft went by 
 so close we could hear them talking and cussing and laughing— 
 heard them plain; but we couldn’t see no sign of them; it made 
 you feel crawly, it was like spirits carrying on that way in the 
 air. Jim said he believed it was spirits; but I says: 
 
 “No, spirits wouldn’t say, ‘dern the dem fog.’ ” 
 
 Soon as it was night, out we shoved; when we got her out to 
 about the middle, we let her alone, and let her float wherever 
 the current wanted her to; then we lit the pipes, and dangled our 
 legs in the water and talked about all kinds of things—we was 
 always naked, day and night, whenever the mosquitoes would 
 let us—the new clothes Buck’s folks made for me was too good 
 to be comfortable, and besides I didn’t go much on clothes, 
 nohow. 
 
 Sometimes we’d have that whole river all to ourselves for the 
 
 118 
 
