because the devil had had his hands on it. Jim was most ruined, 
 for a servant, because he got so stuck up on account of having 
 seen the devil and been rode by witches. 
 
 Well, when Tom and me got to the edge of the hill-top, we 
 looked away down into the village and could see three or four 
 lights twinkling, where there was sick folks, maybe; and the stars 
 over us was sparkling ever so fine; and down by the village was 
 the river, a whole mile broad, and awful still and grand. We 
 went down the hill and found Jo Harper, and Ben Rogers, and 
 two or three more of the boys, hid in the old tanyard. So we 
 unhitched a skiff and pulled down the river two mile and a half, 
 to the big scar on the hillside, and went ashore. 
 
 We went to a clump of bushes, and Tom made everybody 
 swear to keep the secret, and then showed them a hole in the 
 hill, right in the thickest part of the bushes. Then we lit the 
 candles and crawled in on our hands and knees. Wc went about 
 two hundred yards, and then the cave opened up. Tom poked 
 about amongst the passages and pretty soon ducked under a wall 
 where you wouldn’t a noticed that there was a hole. We went 
 along a narrow place and got into a kind of room, all damp and 
 sweaty and cold, and there we stopped. Tom says: 
 
 “Now we’ll start this band of robbers and call it Tom Sawyer’s 
 Gang. Everybody that wants to join has got to take an oath, and 
 write his name in blood.” 
 
 Everybody was willing. So Tom got out a sheet of paper that 
 he had wrote the oath on, and read it. It swore every boy to 
 stick to the band, and never tell any of the secrets; and if anybody 
 done any tiling to any boy in the band, whichever boy was 
 ordered to kill that person and his family must do it, and he 
 mustn’t eat and he mustn’t sleep till he had killed them and 
 hacked a cross in their breasts, which was the sign of the band. 
 And nobody that didn’t belong to the band could use that mark, 
 and if he did he must be sued; and if he done it again he must 
 be killed. And if anybody that belonged to the band told the 
 secrets, he must have his throat cut, and then have his carcass 
 
 7 
 
 "B LDttf 
 
 li 
 
 ed. 
 
