under the beds and shivering through the air. If a door banged, 
 Aunt Sally she jumped, and said “ouch!” if anything fell, she 
 jumped, and said “ouch!” if you happened to touch her, when 
 she warn’t noticing, she done the same; she couldn’t face noway 
 and be satisfied because she allowed there was something behind 
 her every time—so she was always a-whirling around, sudden, 
 and saying “ouch,” and before she’d get two-thirds around, she’d 
 whirl back again, and say it again; and she was afraid to go to 
 bed, but she dasn’t set up. So the thing was working very well, 
 Tom said; he said he never see a tiling work more satisfactory. 
 He said it showed it was done right. 
 
 So he said, now for the grand bulge! So the very next morn¬ 
 ing at the streak of dawn we got another letter ready, and was 
 wondering what we better do with it, because we heard them 
 say at supper they was going to have a nigger on watch at both 
 doors all night. Tom he went down the lightning-rod to spy 
 around; and the nigger at the back door was asleep, and he stuck 
 it in the back of his neck and come back. This letter said: 
 
 Don’t betray me, I wish to be your friend. There is a desperate gang of 
 cut-throats from over in the Ingean Territory going to steal your run¬ 
 away nigger to-night, and they have been trying to scare you so as you 
 will stay in the house and not bother them. I am one of the gang, but 
 have got religgion and wish to quit it and lead a honest life again, and 
 will betray the helish design. They will sneak down from northwards, 
 along the feme, at midnight exact, with a false key, and go in the 
 nigger s cabin to get him. I am to be off a piece and blow a tin horn if 
 I see any danger; but stead of that, I will ba like a sheep soon as they 
 get in and not blow at all; then whilst they are getting his chains loose, 
 you slip there and lock them in, and can kill them at your leasure. Don’t 
 do anything but just the way I am telling you, if you do they will 
 suspicion something and raise ivhoopjamboreehoo. I do not wish any 
 reward but to know I have done the right thing. 
 
 UNKNOWN FRIEND. 
 
 A.H.F. 
 
 269 
 
 K 
 
