of view of the narrator is that of an adult observing a boy. And 
 Tom is the ordinary boy, though of quicker wits, and livelier 
 imagination, than most. Tom is, I suppose, very much the boy 
 that Mark Twain had been: he is remembered and described as 
 he seemed to his elders, rather than created. Huck Finn, on the 
 other hand, is the boy that Mark Twain still was, at the time of 
 writing his adventures. We look at Tom as the smiling adult 
 does: Huck we do not look at—we see the world through his 
 eyes. The two boys are not merely different types; they were 
 brought into existence by different processes. Hence in the second 
 book their roles are altered. In the first book Huck is merely the 
 humble friend—almost a variant of the traditional valet of 
 comedy; and we see him as he is seen by the conventional respect¬ 
 able society to which Tom belongs, and of which, we feel sure, 
 Tom will one day become an eminently respectable and conven¬ 
 tional member. In the second book their nominal relationship 
 remains the same; but here it is Tom who has the secondary role. 
 The author was probably not conscious of this, when he wrote 
 the first two chapters: Huckleberry Finn is not the kind of story in 
 which the author knows, from the beginning, what is going to 
 happen. Tom then disappears from our view; and when he 
 returns, he has only two functions. The first is to provide a foil 
 for Huck. Huck’s persisting admiration for Tom only exhibits 
 more clearly to our eyes the unique qualities of the former and 
 the commonplaceness of the latter. Tom has the imagination of a 
 lively boy who has read a good deal of romantic fiction: he 
 might, of course, become a writer—he might become Mark 
 Twain. Or rather, he might become the more commonplace 
 aspect of Mark Twain. Huck has not imagination, in the sense in 
 which Tom has it: he has, instead, vision. He sees the real world; 
 and he does not judge it—he allows it to judge itself. 
 
 Tom Sawyer is an orphan. But he has his aunt; he has, as we 
 learn later, other relatives; and he has the environment into which 
 he fits. He is wholly a social being. When there is a secret band to 
 be formed, it is Tom who organizes it and prescribes the rules. 
 
 viii 
 
