Just then Sherburn steps out on to the roof of his little front 
 porch, with a double-barrel gun in Iris hand, and takes Iris stand 
 perfectly calm and deliberate, not saying a word. The racket 
 stopped, and the wave sucked back. 
 
 Sherburn never said a word—-just stood there, looking down. 
 The stillness was awful creepy and uncomfortable. Sherburn run 
 his eye slow along the crowd; and wherever it struck, the people 
 tried a little to outgaze him, but they couldn’t; they dropped their 
 eyes and looked sneaky. Then pretty soon Sherburn sort of 
 laughed; not the pleasant kind, but the kind that makes you feel 
 like when you are eating bread that’s got sand in it. 
 
 Then he says, slow and scornful: 
 
 “The idea of you lynching anybody! It’s amusing. The idea of 
 you thinking you had pluck enough, to lynch a man\ Because 
 you’re brave enough to tar and feather poor friendless cast-out 
 women that come along here, did that make you think you had 
 grit enough to lay your hands on a man ? Why, a mans safe in the 
 hands of ten thousand of your kind—as long as it’s day-time and 
 you’re not behind him. 
 
 “Do I know you? I know you clear through. I was born and 
 raised in the South, and I’ve lived in the North; so I know the 
 average all around. The average man’s a coward. In the North 
 he lets anybody walk over him that wants to, and goes home and 
 prays for a humble spirit to bear it. In the South one man, all by 
 himself, has stopped a stage full of men, in the day-time, and 
 robbed the lot. Your newspapers call you a brave people so much 
 that you think you are braver than any other people—whereas 
 you’re just as brave, and no braver. Why don’t your juries hang 
 murderers? Because they’re afraid the man’s friends will shoot 
 them in the back, in the dark—and it’s just what they would do. 
 
 “So they always acquit; and then a man goes in the night, with 
 a hundred masked cowards at his back, and lynches the rascal. 
 Your mistake is, that you didn’t bring a man with you; that’s one 
 mistake, and the other is that you didn’t come in the dark, and 
 fetch your masks. You brought part of a man—Buck Harkness, 
 
 146 
 
