you that a corn-shuck bed wam’t just fitten for me to sleep on. 
 Your Grace’ll take the shuck bed yourself.” 
 
 Jim and me was in a sweat again, for a minute, being afraid 
 there was going to be some more trouble amongst them; so we 
 was pretty glad when the duke says: 
 
 “’Tis my fate to be always ground into the mire under the iron 
 heel of oppression. Misfortune has broken my once haughty 
 spirit; I yield, I submit; ’tis my fate. I am alone in the world— 
 let me suffer; I can bear it.” 
 
 We got away as soon as it was good and dark. The king told 
 us to stand well out towards the middle of the river, and not 
 show a hght till we got a long ways below the town. We come 
 in sight of the little bunch of hghts by and by—that was the town, 
 you know—and slid by, about a half a mile out, all right. When 
 we was three-quarters of a mile below, we hoisted up our signal 
 lantern; and about ten o’clock it come on to rain and blow and 
 thunder and lighten like everything; so the king told us to both 
 stay on watch till the weather got better; then him and the duke 
 crawled into the wigwam and turned in for the night. It was my 
 watch below, till twelve, but 1 wouldn’t a turned in, anyway, if 
 I’d had a bed; because a body don’t see such a storm as that every 
 day in the week, not by a long sight. My souls, how the wind 
 did scream along! And every second or two there’d come a glare 
 that lit up the white-caps for half a mile around, and you’d see 
 the islands looking dusty through the rain, and the trees thrashing 
 around in the wind; then comes a h-wack! —bum! bum! bumble- 
 umble-um-bum-bum-bum-bum—-and the thunder would go 
 rumbling and grumbling away, and quit—and then rip comes 
 another flash and another sockdolager. The waves most washed 
 me off the raft, sometimes, but I hadn’t any clothes on, and 
 didn’t mind. We didn’t have no trouble about snags; the light¬ 
 ning was glaring and flittering around so constant that we could 
 see them plenty soon enough to throw her head this way or that 
 and miss them. 
 
 I had the middle watch, you know, but I was pretty sleepy 
 
 127 
 
