going to hurt you, and I ain’t going to tell on you, nuther. You 
 must tell me your secret, and trust me. I’ll keep it; and what’s 
 more, I’ll help you. So’ll my old man, if you want him to. You 
 see, you’re a runaway ’prentice—that’s all. It ain’t anything. 
 There ain’t any harm in it. You’ve been treated bad, and you 
 made up your mind to cut. Bless you, child, I wouldn’t tell on 
 you. Tell me all about it, now—that’s a good boy.” 
 
 So I said it wouldn’t be no use to try to play it any longer 
 and I would just make a clean breast and tell her everything, but 
 she mustn’t go back on her promise. Then I told her my father 
 and mother was dead, and the law had bound me out to a mean 
 old farmer in the country thirty mile back from the river, and 
 he treated me so bad I couldn’t stand it no longer; he went away 
 to be gone a couple of days, and so I took my chance and stole 
 some of his daughter’s old clothes, and cleared out, and I had 
 been three nights coming the thirty miles; I travelled nights, and 
 hid day-times and slept, and the bag of bread and meat I carried 
 from home lasted me all the way and I had a plenty. I said I 
 believed my uncle Abner Moore would take care of me, and so 
 that was why I struck out for this town of Goshen. 
 
 “Goshen, child? This ain’t Goshen. Tins is St. Petersburg. 
 Goshen’s ten mile further up the river. Who told you this was 
 Goshen?” 
 
 “Why, a man I met at daybreak this morning, just as I was 
 going to turn into the woods for my regular sleep. He told me 
 when the roads forked I must take the right hand, and five mile 
 would fetch me to Goshen.” 
 
 “He was drunk, I reckon. He told you just exactly wrong.” 
 
 “Well, he did act like he was drunk, but it ain’t no matter 
 now. I got to be moving along. I’ll fetch Goshen before day¬ 
 light” 
 
 “Hold on a minute. I’ll put you up a snack to eat. You might 
 want it.” 
 
 So she put me up a snack, and says: 
 
 “Say—when a cow’s laying down, which end of her gets up 
 
 60 
 
