Huck Firm is alone: there is no more solitary character in fiction. 
 The fact that he has a father only emphasizes his loneliness; and 
 he views his father with a terrifying detachment. So we come to 
 see Huck himself in the end as one of the permanent symbolic 
 figures of fiction; not unworthy to take a place with Ulysses, 
 Faust, Don Quixote, Don Juan, Hamlet and other great dis¬ 
 coveries that man has made about himself. 
 
 It would seem that Mark Twain was a man who—perhaps like 
 most of us—never became in all respects mature. We might even 
 say that the adult side of him was boyish, and that only the boy 
 in him, that was Huck Film, was adult. As Tom Sawyer grown 
 up, he wanted success and applause (Tom himself always needs 
 an audience). He wanted prosperity, a happy domestic life of a 
 conventional kind, universal approval, and fame. All of these 
 things he obtained. As Huck Finn he was indifferent to all these 
 things; and being composite of the two, Mark Twain both strove 
 for them, and resented their violation of his integrity. Hence he 
 became the humorist and even clown: with his gifts, a certain 
 way to success, for everyone could enjoy his writings without 
 the slightest feeling of discomfort, self-consciousness or self- 
 criticism. And hence, on the other hand, his pessimism and mis¬ 
 anthropy. To be a misanthrope is to be in some way divided; or 
 it is a sign of an uneasy conscience. The pessimism which Mark 
 Twain discharged into The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg and 
 What is Man? springs less from observation of society, than from 
 his hatred of himself for allowing society to tempt and corrupt 
 him and give him what he wanted. There is no wisdom in it. 
 But all this personal problem has been diligently examined by 
 Mr. Van Wyck Brooks; and it is not Mark Twain, but Huckle¬ 
 berry Finn, that is the subject of this introduction. 
 
 You cannot say that Huck himself is either a humorist or a 
 misanthrope. He is the impassive observer: he does not interfere, 
 and, as I have said, he does not judge. Many of the episodes that 
 occur on the voyage down the river, after he is joined by the 
 Duke and the King (whose fancies about themselves are akin to 
 
 IX 
 
 
