“I’s most uncommon curious, I can’t understand it. I know 
 perfectly well I took it off, because-” 
 
 “Because you hain’t got but one on. Just listen at the man! I 
 know you took it off, and know it by a better way than your 
 wool-gethering memory, too, because it was on the clo’es-line 
 yesterday—I see it there myself. But it’s gone—that’s the long 
 and the short of it, and you’ll just have to change to a red flann’l 
 one till I can get time to make a new one. And it’ll be the third 
 I’ve made in two years; it just keeps a body on the jump to keep 
 you in shirts; and whatever you do manage to do with’m all, is 
 more’n I can make out. A body’d think you would learn to take 
 some sort of care of ’em, at your time of life.” 
 
 “I know it, Sally, and I do try all I can. But it oughtn’t to be 
 altogether my fault, because you know I don’t see them nor have 
 nothing to do with them except when they’re on me; and I don’t 
 believe I’ve ever lost one of them off of me.” 
 
 “Well, it ain’t your fault if you haven’t, Silas—you’d a done it 
 if you could, I reckon. And the shirt ain’t all that’s gone, nuther. 
 Ther’s a spoon gone; and that ain’t all. There was ten, and now 
 ther’s only nine. The calf got the shirt I reckon, but the calf never 
 took the spoon, that's certain.” 
 
 “Why, what else is gone, Sally?” 
 
 “Ther’s six candles gone—that’s what. The rats could a got the 
 candles, and I reckon they did; I wonder they don’t walk off with 
 the whole place, the way you’re always going to stop their holes 
 and don’t do it; and if they warn’t fools they’d sleep in your hair, 
 Silas— you’d never find it out; but you can’t lay the spoon on the 
 rats, and that I know.” 
 
 “Well, Sally, I’m in fault, and I acknowledge it; I’ve been remiss; 
 but I won’t let to-morrow go by without stopping up them holes.” 
 
 “Oh, I wouldn’t hurry, next year’ll do. Matilda Angelina 
 Aramina Phelpsl” 
 
 Whack comes the thimble, and the child snatches her claws 
 out of the sugar-bowl without fooling around any. Just then, the 
 nigger woman steps on to the passage, and says: 
 
 252 
 
