“Well, ’twarn’t no use to ’sturb you, Huck, tell we could 
 do sumf’n—but we’s all right, now. I ben a-buyin’ pots en pans 
 en vittles, as I got a chanst, en a-patchin’ up de raf’, nights, 
 when-” 
 
 “ What raft, Jim?” 
 
 “Our ole raf’.” 
 
 “You mean to say our old raft warn’t smashed all to flinders?” 
 
 “No, she warn’t. She was tore up a good deal—one en’ of her 
 was—but dey warn’t no great harm done, on’y our traps was 
 mos’ all los’. Ef we hadn’ dive’ so deep en swum so fur under 
 water, en de night hadn’ ben so dark, en we warn’t so sk’yerd, 
 en ben sich punkin-heads, as de sayin’ is, we’d a seed de raf’. 
 But it’s jis’ as well we didn’t,’ kase now she’s all fixed up agin 
 mos’ as good as new, en we’s got a new lot o’ stuff, too, in de 
 place o’ what ’uz los’.” 
 
 “Why, how did you get hold of the raft again, Jim—did you 
 catch her?” 
 
 “How I gwyne to ketch her, en I out in de woods? No, some 
 er de niggers foun’ her ketched on a snag, along heah in de ben’, 
 en dey hid her in a crick, ’mongst de willows, en dey wuz so 
 much jawin’ ’bout which un ’um she b’long to de mos’, dat I 
 come to heah ’bout it pooty soon, so I ups en settles de trouble 
 by tellin’ ’um she don’t b’long to none uv um, but to you en 
 me; en I ast’m if dey gwyne to grab a young white genlman’s 
 propaty, en git a hid’n for it? Den I gin’m ten cents apiece, en 
 dey ’uz mighty well satisfied, en wisht some mo’ raf’s ’ud come 
 along en make ’m rich agin. Dey’s mighty good to me, dese 
 niggers is, en whatever I wants’m to do fur me, I doan’ have to 
 ast’m twice, honey. Dat Jack’s a good nigger, en pooty smart.” 
 
 “Yes, he is. He ain’t ever told me you was here; told me to 
 come, and he’d show me a lot of water-moccasins. If anything 
 happens, he ain’t mixed up in it. He can say he never seen us 
 together, and it’ll be the truth.” 
 
 I don’t want to talk much about the next day. I reckon I’ll cut 
 it pretty short. I waked up about dawn, and was a-going to turn 
 
 112 
 
