ic never told me why, and I 
 
 Miss Watson she took me in the closet and prayed, but nothing 
 come of it. She told me to pray every day, and whatever I asked 
 for I would get it. But it warn’t so. I tried it. Once I got a fish¬ 
 line, but no hooks. It warn’t any good to me without hooks. I 
 tried for the hooks three or four times, but somehow I couldn’t 
 make it work. By and by, one day, I asked~MIsTWatson to try 
 for me, hut shc said L was a fool, 
 couldn’t make it out no way. 
 
 I set down, one time, back in the woods, and had a long think 
 about it. I says to myself, if a body can get anything they pray 
 for, why don’t Deacon Winn get back the money he lost on 
 pork? Why can’t the widow get back her silver snuffbox that 
 was stole? Why can’t Miss Watson fat up? No, says I to myself, 
 there ain’t nothing in it. I went and told the widow about it, 
 and she said the tiling a body could get by praying for it was 
 “spiritual gifts”. This was too many for me, but she told me 
 what she meant—I must help other people, and do everything 
 I could for other people, and look out for them all the time, and 
 never think about myself. This was including Miss Watson, as 
 I took it. I went out in the woods and turned it over in my mind 
 a long time, but I couldn’t see no advantage about it—except for 
 the other people—so at last I reckoned I wouldn’t worry about it 
 any more, but just let it go. Sometimes the widow would take\ 
 me one side and talk about Providence in a way to make a body’s / 
 mouth water; but maybe next day Miss Watson would take hold j 
 and knock it all down again. I judged I could see that there was L 
 two Providences, and a poor chap would stand considerable show 
 with the widow’s Providence, but if Miss Watson’s got him 
 there wam’t no help for him any more. I thought it all out, and 
 reckoned I would belong to the widow’s, if he wanted me, 
 though I couldn’t make out how he was a-going to be any better 
 off then than what he was before ,.seeing; I was so ignoran t and so 
 kind jjf low -down and ornery. 
 
 Pap he hadn’t been seen for more than a year, and that was 
 comfortable for me; I didn’t want to see him no more. He used 
 
 ii 
 
