of no more, and Bill went to hunt them and he warn’t heard of 
 no more, and Tom and Mort died, and then there wam’t nobody 
 but just me and pap left, and he was just trimmed down to 
 nothing, on account of his troubles; so when he died I took what 
 there was left, because the farm didn’t belong to us, and started up 
 the river, deck passage, and fell overboard; and that was how I 
 come to be here. So they said I could have a home there as long 
 as I wanted it. Then it was most daylight and everybody went to 
 bed, and I went to bed with Buck, and when I waked up in the 
 morning, drat it all, I had forgot what my name was. So I laid 
 there about an hour trying to think, and when Buck waked up, 
 I says: 
 
 “Can you spell. Buck?” 
 
 “Yes,” he says. 
 
 “I bet you can’t spell my name, ’ says I. 
 
 “I bet you what you dare I can,” says he. 
 
 “All right,” says I, “go ahead.” 
 
 “G-o-r-g-e J-a-x-o-n—there now,” he says. 
 
 “Well,” says I, “you done it, but I didn’t think you could. It 
 ain’t no slouch of a name to spell—right off without studying.” 
 
 I set it down, private, ’cause somebody might want me to spell 
 it, next, and so I wanted to be handy with it and rattle it off like 
 I was used to it. 
 
 It was a mighty nice family, and a mighty nice house, too. I 
 hadn’t seen no house out in the country before that was so nice 
 and had so much style. It didn’t have an iron latch on the front 
 door, nor a wooden one with a buckskin string, but a brass knob 
 to turn, the same as houses in a town. There warn’t no bed in 
 the parlour, not a sign of a bed; but heaps of parlours in towns 
 has beds in them. There was a big fire-place that was bricked on 
 the bottom, and the bricks was kept clean and red by pouring 
 water on them and scrubbing them with another brick; some¬ 
 times they washed them over with red water-paint that they call 
 Spanish-brown, same as they do in town. They had big brass 
 dog-irons that could hold up a saw-log. There was a clock on 
 
 99 
 
