it’ll be a long day before he gives anybody another chance to 
 smouch it from him. Of course I wanted to slide down and get it 
 out of there, but I dasn’t try it. Every minute it was getting 
 earher, now, and pretty soon some of them watchers would 
 begin to stir, and I might get catched—catched with six thousand 
 dollars in my hands that nobody hadn’t hired me to take care of. 
 I don’t wish to be mixed up in no such business as that, I says 
 to myself. 
 
 When I got downstairs in the morning the parlour was shut 
 up, and the watchers was gone. There warn’t nobody around but 
 the family and the widow Bartley and our tribe. I watched their 
 faces to see if anything had been happening, but I couldn’t tell. 
 
 Towards the middle of the day the undertaker come, with his 
 man, and they set the coffin in the middle of the room on a couple 
 of chairs, and then set all our chairs in rows, and borrowed more 
 from the neighbours till the hall and the parlour and the dining¬ 
 room was full. I see the coffin lid was the way it was before, but 
 I dasn’t go to look in under it, with folks around. 
 
 Then the people begun to flock in, and the beats and the girls 
 took seats in the front row at the head of the coffin, and for a 
 half an hour the people filed around slow, in single rank, and 
 looked down at the dead man’s face a minute, and some dropped 
 in a tear, and it was all very still and solemn, only the girls and the 
 beats holding handkerchiefs to their eyes and keeping their heads 
 bent, and sobbing a little. There warn’t no other sound but the 
 scraping of the feet on the floor, and blowing noses—because 
 people always blows them more at a funeral than they do at 
 other places except church. 
 
 When the place was packed full, the undertaker he slid around 
 in his black gloves with his softy soothering ways, putting on the 
 last touches, and getting people and things all shipshape and com¬ 
 fortable, and making no more sound than a cat. He never spoke; 
 he moved people around, he squeezed in late ones, he opened up 
 passage-ways, and done it all with nods and signs with his hands. 
 Then he took his place over against the wall. He was the softest, 
 
 180 
 
