If she warn’t standing right there, just inside the door, looking 
 as sweet and contented as an angel half-full of pie, I wish I may 
 never! 
 
 Aunt Sally jumped for her, and most hugged the head off of 
 her, and cried over her, and I found a good enough place for me 
 under the bed, for it was getting pretty sultry for us, seemed to 
 me. And I peeped out, and in a little while Tom’s Aunt Polly 
 shook herself loose and stood there looking across at Tom over 
 her spectacles—kind of grinding him into the earth, you know. 
 And then she says: 
 
 “Yes, you better turn y’r head away—I would if I was you, 
 
 r-f-i 99 
 
 Tom. 
 
 “Oh, deary me!” says Aunt Sally; “is he changed so? Why, 
 that ain’t Tom, it’s Sid; Tom’s—Tom’s—why, where is Tom? 
 He was here a minute ago.” 
 
 “You mean where’s Huck Finn —that’s what you mean! I 
 reckon I hain’t raised such a scamp as my Tom all these years, 
 not to know him when I see him. That would be a pretty howdy- 
 do. Come out from under that bed, Huck Finn.” 
 
 So I done it. But not feeling brash. 
 
 Aunt Sally she was one of the mixed-upest looking persons I 
 ever see; except one, and that was Uncle Silas, when he come 
 in, and they told it all to him. It kind of made him drunk, as 
 you may say, and he didn’t know nothing at all the rest of the 
 day, and preached a prayer-meeting sermon that night that give 
 him a rattling ruputation, because the oldest man in the world 
 couldn’t a understood it. So Tom’s Aunt Polly, she told all about 
 who I was, and what; and I had to up and tell how I was in such 
 a tight place that when Mrs. Phelps took me for Tom Sawyer— 
 she chipped in and says, “Oh, go on and call me Aunt Sally, I’m 
 used to it, now, and ’tain’t no need to change”—that when Aunt 
 Sally took me for Tom Sawyer, I had to stand it—there warn’t 
 no other way, and I knowed he wouldn’t mind, because it would 
 be nuts for him, being a mystery, and he’d make an adventure 
 out of it and be perfectly satisfied. And so it turned out, and 
 
 289 
 
