was so stirred up,” she says; “now go on, and I won’t do so 
 any more. You tell me what to do, and whatever you say, I’ll 
 do it.” 
 
 “Well,” I says, “it’s a rough gang, them two frauds, and I’m 
 fixed so I got to travel with them a while longer, whether I 
 want to or not—I druther not tell you why—and if you was to 
 blow on them this town would get me out of their claws, and 
 I'd be all right, but there’d be another person that you don’t 
 know about who’d be in big trouble. Well, we got to save him, 
 hain’t we? Of course. Well, then, we won’t blow on them.” 
 
 Saying them words put a good idea in my head. I see how 
 maybe I could get me and Jim rid of the frauds; get them jailed 
 here, and then leave. But I didn’t want to run the raft in day¬ 
 time, without anybody aboard to answer questions but me; so 
 I didn’t want the plan to begin working till pretty late to-night. 
 I says: 
 
 “Miss Mary Jane, I’ll tell you what we’ll do—and you won’t, 
 have to stay at Mr. Lothrop’s so long, nuther. How fur is it?” 
 
 “A little short of four miles—right out in the country, back 
 here.” 
 
 “ Well, that’ll answer. Now you go along out there, and lay 
 low till nine or half-past, to-night, and then get them to fetch 
 you home again—tell them you’ve thought of something. If you 
 get here before eleven, put a candle in this window, and if I 
 don’t turn up, wait till eleven, and then if I don’t turn up it means 
 I’m gone, and out of the way, and safe. Then you come out and 
 spread the news around, and get these beats jailed.” 
 
 “Good,” she says, “I’ll do it.” 
 
 “And if it just happens so that I don’t get away, but get took 
 up along with them, you must up and say I told you the whole 
 thing beforehand, and you must stand by me all you can.” 
 
 “Stand by you, indeed I will. They shan’t touch a hair of your 
 head!” she says, and I see her nostrils spread and her eyes snap 
 when she said it, too. 
 
 “If I get away, I shan’t be here,” I says, “to prove these rap- 
 
 188 
 
