go to England. But she had stopped now, with a folded gown 
 in her lap, and had her face in her hands, crying. I felt awful 
 bad to see it; of course anybody would. I went in there, and 
 says: 
 
 “Miss Mary Jane, you can’t abear to see people in trouble and 
 I can’t—most always. Tell me about it.” 
 
 So she done it. And it was the niggers—I just expected it. She 
 said the beautiful trip to England was most about spoiled for her; 
 she didn’t know how she was ever going to be happy there, 
 knowing the mother and the children warn’t ever going to see 
 each other no more—and then busted out bitterer than ever, and 
 flung up her hands, and says: 
 
 “Oh, dear, dear, to think they ain’t ever going to see each other 
 any more!” 
 
 “But they will —and inside of two weeks—and I know it!” 
 says I. 
 
 Laws, it was out before I could think!—and before I could 
 budge, she throws her arms around my neck, and told me to say 
 it again, say it again, say it againl 
 
 I see I had spoke too sudden, and said too much, and was in a 
 close place. I asked her to let me think a minute; and she set 
 there, very impatient and excited, and handsome, but looking 
 kind of happy and eased-up, like a person that’s had a tooth 
 pulled out. So I went to studying it out. I says to myself, I reckon 
 a body that ups and tells the truth when he is in a tight place, is 
 taking considerable many resks, though I ain’t had no experience, 
 and can’t say for certain; but it looks so to me, anyway; and yet 
 here’s a case where I’m blest if it don’t look to me like the truth 
 is better, and actually safer, than a he. I must lay it by in my 
 mind, and think it over some time or other, it’s so kind of 
 strange and unregular. I never see nothing like it. Well, I says 
 to myself at last, I’m a-going to chance it; I’ll up and tell the 
 truth this time, though it does seem most like setting down on a 
 kag of powder and touching it off just to see where you’ll go to. 
 Then I says: 
 
