the same. But as I was saying, we’d got all the work done, now, 
 at last; and we was all pretty much fagged out, too, but mainly 
 Jim. The old man had wrote a couple of times to the plantation 
 below Orleans to come and get their runaway nigger, but hadn’t 
 got no answer, because there warn’t no such plantation; so he 
 allowed he would advertise Jim in the St. Louis and New Orleans 
 papers; and when he mentioned the St. Louis ones, it give me 
 the cold shivers, and I see we hadn’t no time to lose. So Tom 
 said, now for the nonnamous letters. 
 
 “What’s them?’’ I says. 
 
 “Warnings to the people that something is up. Sometimes it’s 
 done one way, sometimes another. But there’s always somebody 
 spying around, that gives notice to the governor of the castle. 
 When Louis XVI was going to light out of the Tooleries, a 
 servant-girl done it. It’s a very good way, and so is the non¬ 
 namous letters. We’ll use them both. And it’s usual for the 
 prisoner’s mother to change clothes with him, and she stays in, 
 and he slides out in her clothes. We’ll do that too.” 
 
 “But looky here, Tom, what do we want to warn anybody for, 
 that’s something’s up? Let them find it out for themselves—it’s 
 their look-out.” 
 
 “Yes, I know; but you can’t depend on them. It’s the way 
 they’ve acted from the very start—left us to do everything. 
 They’re so confiding and mullet-headed they don’t take notice 
 of nothing at all. So if we don’t give them notice, there won’t be 
 nobody nor nothing to interfere with us, and so after all our 
 hard work and trouble, this escape’ll go off perfectly flat; won’t 
 amount to nothing—won’t be nothing to it.” 
 
 “Well, as for me, Tom, that’s the way I’d like.” 
 
 “Shucks,” he says, and looked disgusted. So I says: 
 
 “But I ain’t going to make no complaint. Any way that 
 suits you suits me. What you going to do about the servant- 
 girl?” 
 
 “You’ll be her. You slide in, in the middle of the night, and 
 hook that yaller girl’s frock.” 
 
 267 
 
