I could a got down on my knees en kiss’ yo’ foot, I’s so 
 thankful. En all you wuz thinkin’ ’bout wuz how you could 
 make a fool uv ole Jim wid a lie. Dat truck dah is trash ; en 
 trash is what people is dat puts dirt on de head er dey fren’s 
 en makes ’em ashamed.’ . . . 
 
 It was fifteen minutes before I could work myself up to go 
 and humble myself to a nigger—but I done it, and I warn't ever 
 sorry for it afterwards, neither. 
 
 This passage has been quoted before; and if I quote it again, it 
 is because I wish to elicit from it one meaning that is, I think, 
 usually overlooked. What is obvious in it is the pathos and dig¬ 
 nity of Jim, and this is moving enough; but what I find still more 
 disturbing, and still more unusual in literature, is the pathos and 
 dign ity of the boy , when reminded so humbly and humiliatingly, 
 that his position in the world is not that of other boys, entitled 
 from time to time to a practical joke; but that he must bear, and 
 bear alone, the responsibility of a man. 
 
 It is Huck who gives the book style. The River gives the book 
 its form. But for the River, the book might be only a sequence of 
 adventures with a happy ending. A river, a very big and powerful 
 river, is the only natural force that can wholly determine the 
 course of human peregrination. At sea, the wanderer may sail or 
 be carried by winds and currents in one direction or another; a 
 change of wind or tide may determine fortune. In the prairie, the 
 direction of movement is more or less at the choice of the cara¬ 
 van; among mountains there will often be an alternative, a guess 
 at the most likely pass. But the river with its strong, swift current 
 is the dictator to the raft or to the steamboat. It is a treacherous 
 and capricious dictator. At one season, it may move sluggishly in 
 a channel so narrow that, encountering it for the first time at 
 that point, one can hardly believe that it has travelled already for 
 hundreds of miles, and has yet many hundreds of miles to go; at 
 another season, it may obliterate the low Illinois shore to a 
 horizon of water, while in its bed it runs with a speed such that 
 no man or beast can survive in it. At such times, it carries down 
 
 xii 
 
