that that would help. Then I slid out quiet and thro wed the snakes 
 clear away amongst the bushes; for I wam’t going to let Jim 
 find out it was all my fault, not if I could help it. 
 
 Jim sucked and sucked at the jug, and now and then he got 
 out of his head and pitched around and yelled; but every time 
 he come to himself he went to sucking at the jug again. His foot 
 swelled up pretty big, and so did his leg; but by and by the drunk 
 begun to come, and so I judged he was all right; but I’d druther 
 been bit with a snake than pap’s whisky. 
 
 Jim was laid up for four days and nights. Then the swelling 
 was all gone and he was around again. I made up my mind I 
 wouldn’t ever take aholt of a snake-skin again with my hands, 
 now that I see what had come of it. Jim said he reckoned I 
 would believe him next time. And he said that handling a snake- 
 skin was such awful bad luck that maybe we hadn’t got to the 
 end of it yet. He said he druther see the new moon over his left 
 shoulder as much as a thousand times than take up a snake-skin 
 in Iris hand. Well, I was getting to feel that way myself, though 
 I’ve always reckoned that looking at the new moon over your 
 left shoulder is one of the carelessest and foolishest tilings a body 
 can do. Old Hank Bunker done it once, and bragged about it; 
 and in less than two years he got drunk and fell off of the shot- 
 tower and spread himself out so that he was just a kind of a 
 layer, as you may say; and they slid him edgeways between two 
 barn doors for a coffin, and buried him so, so they say, but I 
 didn’t see it. Pap told me. But anyway, it all come of looking 
 at the moon that way, like a fool. 
 
 Well, the days went along, and the river went down between 
 its banks again; and about the first tiling we done was to bait 
 one of the big hooks with a skinned rabbit and set it and catch 
 a cat-fish that was as big as a man, being six foot two inches long, 
 and weighed over two hundred pounds. We couldn’t handle him 
 of course; he would a flung us into Illinois. We just set there 
 and watched him rip and tear around till he drownded. We found 
 a brass button in his stomach, and a round ball, and lots of rub- 
 
 53 
 
