the right term. Obsequies ain’t used in England no more, now 
 —it’s gone out. We say orgies now, in England. Orgies is better, 
 because it means the thing you’re after, more exact. It’s a word 
 that’s made up out’n the Greek orgo, outside, open, abroad; and 
 the Hebrew jeesutn, to plant, cover up; hence in ter. So you see, 
 funeral orgies is an open er public funeral.” 
 
 He was the worst I ever struck. Well, the iron-jawed man he 
 laughed right in his face. Everybody was shocked. Everybody 
 says, “Why doctorl” and Abner Shackleford says: 
 
 “Why, Robinson, hain’t you heard the news? This is Harvey 
 Wilks.” 
 
 The king he smiled eager, and shoved out his flapper, and says: 
 
 “Is it my poor brother’s dear good friend and physician? 
 I-” 
 
 “Keep your hands off of me!” says the doctor. “You talk like 
 an Englishman— don't you? It’s the worse imitation I ever heard. 
 You Peter Wilks’s brother? You’re a fraud, that’s what you are!” 
 
 Well, how they all took on! They crowded around the doctor, 
 and tried to quiet him down, and tried to explain to him, and 
 tell him how Harvey’d showed in forty ways that he was Harvey, 
 and knowed everybody by name, and the names of the very 
 dogs, and begged and begged him not to hurt Harvey’s feelings 
 and the poor girls’ feelings, and all that; but it warn’t no use, he 
 stormed right along, and said any man that pretended to be an 
 Englishman and couldn’t imitate the lingo no better than what 
 he did, was a fraud and a liar. The poor girls was hanging to the 
 king and crying; and all of a sudden the doctor ups and turns on 
 them. He says: 
 
 “I was your father’s friend, and I’m your friend; and I warn 
 you as a friend, and an honest one, that wants to protect you and 
 keep you out of harm and trouble, to turn your backs on that 
 scoundrel, and have nothing to do with him, the ignorant tramp, 
 with his idiotic Greek and Hebrew as he calls it. He is the thinnest 
 kind of an impostor—has come here with a lot of empty names 
 and facts which he has picked up somewheres, and you take 
 
 169 
 
