led me along by the hand, and was plenty kind enough, but he 
 never let go my hand. 
 
 We all got in a big room in the hotel, and lit up some candles, 
 and fetched in the new couple. First, the doctor says: 
 
 “I don’t wish to be too hard on these two men, but I think 
 they’re frauds, and they may have ’complices that we don’t know 
 nothing about. If they have, won’t the ’complices get away with 
 that bag of gold Peter Wilks left? It ain’t unlikely. If these men 
 ain’t frauds, they won’t object to sending for that money and 
 letting us keep it till they prove they’re all right—ain’t that 
 so?” 
 
 Everybody agreed to that. So I judged they had our gang in 
 a pretty tight place, right at the outstart. But the king he only 
 looked sorrowful, and says: 
 
 “Gentlemen, I wish the money was there, for I ain’t got no 
 disposition to throw anything in the way of a fair, open, out-and- 
 out investigation o’ this misable business; but alas! the money 
 ain’t there; you k’n send and see, if you want to.” 
 
 “Where is it, then?” 
 
 “Well, when my niece give it to me to keep for her, I took 
 and hid it inside o’ the straw tick o’ my bed, not wishin’ to bank 
 it for the few days we’d be here, and considerin’ the bed a safe 
 place, we not bein’ used to niggers, and suppos’n’ ’em honest, 
 like servants in England. The niggers stole it the very next morn- 
 in’ after I had went downstairs; and when I sold ’em I hadn’t 
 missed the money yit, so they got clean away with it. My servant 
 here k’n tell you ’bout it, gentlemen.” 
 
 The doctor and several said “Shucks!” and I see nobody didn’t 
 altogether believe him. One man asked me if I see the niggers 
 steal it. I said ‘no,’ but I see them sneaking out of the room and 
 hustling away, and I never thought nothing, only I reckoned 
 they was afraid they had waked up my master and was trying to 
 get away before he made trouble with them. That was all they 
 asked me. Then the doctor whirls on me and says: 
 
 “Are you English too?” 
 
 198 
 
