that money, somehow; and I got to steal it some way that they 
 won’t suspicion that I done it. They’ve got a good tiling, here; 
 and they ain’t a-going to leave till they’ve played this family 
 and this town for all they’re worth, so I’ll fmd a chance time 
 enough. I’ll steal it, and hide it; and by and by, when I’m away 
 down the river, I’ll write a letter and tell Mary Jane where it’s 
 hid. But I’d better hive it to-night, if I can, because the doctor 
 maybe hasn’t let up as much as he lets on he has; he might scare 
 them out of here, yet. 
 
 So, thinks I, I’ll go and search them rooms. Upstairs the hall 
 was dark, but I found the duke’s room, and started to paw around 
 it with my hands; but I recollected it wouldn’t be much like the 
 king to let anybody else take care of that money but his own 
 self; so then I went to his room and begun to paw around there. 
 But I see I couldn’t do nothing without a candle, and I dasn’t 
 light one, of course. So I judged I’d got to do the other thing— 
 lay for them, and eavesdrop. About that time, I hears their foot¬ 
 steps coming, and was going to skip under the bed; I reached for 
 it, but it wasn’t where I thought it would be; but I touched the 
 curtain that hid Mary Jane’s frocks, so I jumped in behind that 
 and snuggled in amongst the gowns, and stood there perfectly 
 still. 
 
 They come in and shut the door; and the first thing the duke 
 done was to get down and look under the bed. Then I was glad 
 I hadn’t found the bed when I wanted it. And yet, you know, 
 it’s kind of natural to hide under the bed when you are up to 
 anything private. They sets down, then, and the king says: 
 
 “Well, what is it? and cut it middlin’ short, because it’s better 
 for us to be down there a-whoopin’-up the mournin’, then up 
 here givin’ ’em a chance to talk us over.” 
 
 “Well, this is it, Capet. I ain’t easy; I ain’t comfortable. That 
 doctor lays on my mind. I wanted to know your plans. I’ve got 
 a notion, and I think it’s a sound one.” 
 
 “What is it, duke?” 
 
 “That we better glide out of this, before three in the morning, 
 
 176 
 
