We rummaged the clothes we’d got, and found eight dollars 
 in silver sewed up in the lining of an old blanket overcoat. Jim 
 said he reckoned the people in that house stole the coat, because 
 if they’d a knowed the money was there they wouldn’t a left it. 
 
 I said I reckoned they killed him, too; but Jim didn’t want to 
 talk about that. I says: 
 
 “Now you think it’s bad luck; but what did you say when 
 I fetched in the snake-skin that I found on the top of the ridge 
 day before yesterday? You said it was the worst bad luck in the 
 world to touch a snake-skin with my hands. Well, here’s your 
 bad luck! We’ve raked in all this truck and eight dollars besides. 
 I wish we could have some bad luck like this every day, 
 
 J 99 
 
 im. 
 
 “Never you mind, honey, never you mind. Don’t you git too 
 peart. It’s a-comin’. Mind I tell you, it’s a-comin’.” 
 
 It did come, too. It was a Tuesday that we had that talk. Well, 
 after dinner Friday, we was laying around in the grass at the 
 upper end of the ridge, and got out of tobacco. I went to the 
 cavern to get some, and found a rattlesnake in there. I killed him, 
 and curled him up at the foot of Jim’s blanket, ever so natural, 
 thinking there’d be some fun when Jim found him there. Well, 
 by night I forgot all about the snake, and when Jim flung himself 
 down on the blanket while I struck a light, the snake’s mate was 
 there, and bit him. 
 
 He jumped up yelling, and the first tiling the light showed was 
 the varmint curled up and ready for another spring. I laid him 
 out in a second with a stick, and Jim grabbed pap’s whisky jug 
 and begun to pour it down. 
 
 He was barefooted, and the snake bit him right on the heel. 
 That all comes of my being such a fool as to not remember that 
 wherever you leave a dead snake its mate always comes there 
 and curls around it. Jim told me to chop off the snake’s head and 
 throw it away, and then skin the body and roast a piece of it. 
 I done it, and he eat it and said it would help cure him. He made 
 me take off the rattles and tie them around his wrist, too. He said 
 
 52 
 
