the whole kit and biling of ye; and don’t come nigh me again till 
 I’ve got back my peace of mind.” 
 
 I’d a heard her, if she’d a said it to herself, let alone speaking 
 it out; and I’d a got up and obeyed her, if I’d a been dead. As 
 we was passing through the setting-room, the old man he took 
 up Iris hat, and the shingle-nail fell out on the floor, and he 
 just merely picked it up and laid it on the mantel-shelf, and never 
 said nothing, and went out. Tom see him do it, and remembered 
 about the spoon, and says: 
 
 “Well, it ain’t no use to send things by him no more, he ain’t 
 reliable.” Then he says, “But he done us a good turn with the 
 spoon, anyway, without knowing it, and so we’ll go and do him 
 one without him knowing it—stop up his rat-holes.” 
 
 There was a noble good lot of them, down cellar, and it took 
 us a whole hour, but we done the job right and good, and ship¬ 
 shape. Then we heard steps on the stairs, and blowed out our 
 light, and hid; and here comes the old man, with a candle in one 
 hand and a bundle of stuff in t’other, looking as absent-minded as 
 year before last. He went a-mooning around, first to one rat-hole 
 and then another, till he’d been to them all. Then he stood about 
 five minutes, picking tallow-drip off of his candle and thinking. 
 Then he turns off slow and dreamy towards the stairs, saying: 
 
 “Well, for the life of me I can’t remember when I done it. I 
 could show her now that I warn’t to blame on account of the 
 rats. But never mind—let it go. I reckon it wouldn’t do no 
 good.” 
 
 And so he went on a-mumbling upstairs, and then we left. He 
 was a mighty nice old man. And always is. 
 
 Tom was a good deal bothered about what to do for a spoon, 
 but he said we’d got to have it; so he took a think. When he had 
 ciphered it out, he told me how we was to do; then we went and 
 waited around the spoon-basket till we see Aunt Sally coming, 
 and then Tom went to counting the spoons and laying them 
 out to one side, and I slid one of them up my sleeve, and Tom 
 says: 
 
 254 
 
