or seventeen mile below the village—no, indeedy, we would be 
 in that same old town again. So I said I didn’t care what was the 
 reason they didn’t get us, as long as they didn’t. 
 
 When it was beginning to come on dark, we poked our heads 
 out of the cotton-wood thicket and looked up, and down, and 
 across; no tiring in sight; so Jim took up some of the top planks 
 of the raft and built a snug wigwam to get under in blazing 
 weather and rainy, and to keep the tilings dry. Jim made a floor 
 for the wigwam, and raised it a foot or more above the level of 
 the raft, so now the blankets and all the traps was out of the 
 reach of steamboat waves. Right in the middle of the wigwam 
 we made a layer of dirt about five or six inches deep with a 
 frame around it for to hold it to its place; this was to build a 
 fire on in sloppy weather or chilly; the wigwam would keep it 
 from being seen. We made an extra steering oar, too, because 
 one of the others might get broke, on a snag or something. We 
 fixed up a short forked stick to hang the old lantern on; because 
 we must always light the lantern whenever we see a steamboat 
 coming down stream, to keep from getting run over; but we 
 wouldn’t have to light it for up-stream boats unless we see we 
 was in what they call a “crossing”; for the river was pretty high 
 yet, very low banks being still a little under water; so up-bound 
 boats didn’t always run the channel, but hunted easy water. 
 
 This second night we run between seven and eight hours, with 
 a current that was making over four mile an hour. We catched 
 fish, and talked, and we took a swim now and then to keep off 
 sleepiness. It was kind of solemn, drifting down the big still river, 
 laying on our backs looking up at the stars, and we didn’t ever 
 feel like talking loud, and it warn’t often that we laughed, only 
 a little kind of a low chuckle. We had mighty good weather, as 
 a general thing, and nothing ever happened to us at all, that 
 night, nor the next, nor the next. 
 
 Every night we passed towns, some of them away up on black 
 hillsides, nothing but just a shiny bed of lights, not a house could 
 you see. The fifth night we passed St. Louis, and it was like the 
 
 64 
 
