a body do it in de night? en I warn’t gwyne to show myself on 
 de bank in de day-time.” 
 
 ‘‘Well, that’s so. You’ve had to keep in the woods all the time, 
 of course. Did you hear ’em shooting the cannon?” 
 
 “Oh, yes. I knowed dey was arter you. I see um go by heah; 
 watched um thoo de bushes.” 
 
 Some young birds come along, flying a yard or two at a time 
 and lighting. Jim said it was a sign it was going to rain. He said 
 it was a sign when young chickens flew that way, and so he 
 reckoned it was the same way when young birds done it. I was 
 going to catch some of them, but Jim wouldn’t let me. He said 
 it was death. He said his father lay mighty sick once, and some 
 of them catched a bird, and his old granny said his father would 
 die, and he did. 
 
 And Jim said you mustn’t count the tilings you are going to 
 cook for dinner, because that would bring bad luck. The same 
 if you shook the table-cloth after sundown. And he said if a man 
 owned a bee-hive, and that man died, the bees must be told about 
 it before sun-up next morning, or else the bees would all weaken 
 down and quit work and die. Jim said bees wouldn’t sting idiots; 
 but I didn’t believe that, because I had tried them lots of times 
 myself, and they wouldn’t sting me. 
 
 I had heard about some of these tilings before, but not all of 
 them. Jim knowed all kinds of signs. He said he knowed most 
 everything. I said it looked to me like all the signs was about bad 
 luck, and so I asked him if there wam’t any good-luck signs. He 
 says: 
 
 “Mighty few—an’ dey ain’ no use to a body. What you want 
 to know when good luck’s a-comin’ for? want to keep it off? ’ 
 And he said, “Ef you’s got hairy arms en a hairy breas’, it’s a sign 
 dat you’s a-gwyne to be rich. Well, dey’s some use in a sign like 
 dat, ’kase it’s so fur ahead. You see, maybe you’s got to be po’ 
 a long time fust, en so you might git discourage’ en kill yo’self 
 ’f you didn’ know by de sign dat you gwyne to be rich bymeby.” 
 
 “Have you got hairy arms and a hairy breast, Jim?” 
 
 A.H.F. 45 
 
 C 
 
