“Miss Mary Jane, is there any place out of town a little ways, 
 where you could go and stay three or four days?” 
 
 “Yes—Mr. Lothrop’s. Why?” 
 
 “Never mind why, yet. If I’ll tell you how I know the niggers 
 will see each other again—inside of two weeks—here in this 
 house—and prove how I know it—will you go to Mr. Lothrop’s 
 and stay four days?” 
 
 “Four days!” she says; “I’ll stay a year!” 
 
 “All right,” I says, “I don’t want nothing more out of you than 
 just your word—I druther have it than another man’s kiss-the- 
 Bible.’.She smiled, and reddened up very sweet, and I says, “If 
 you don’t mind, I’ll shut the door—and bolt it.” 
 
 Then I come back and set down again, and says: 
 
 “Don’t you holler. Just set still and take it like a man. I got to 
 tell the truth, and you want to brace up, Miss Mary, because it’s 
 a bad kind, and going to be hard to take, but there ain’t no help 
 for it. These uncles of yourn ain’t no uncles at all—they’re a 
 couple of frauds—regular dead-beats. There, now we’re over the 
 worst of it—you can stand the rest middling easy.” 
 
 It jolted her up hke everything, of course; but I was over the 
 shoal water now, so I went right along, her eyes a-blazing higher 
 and higher all the time, and told her every blame tiling, from 
 where we first struck that young fool going up to the steamboat, 
 clear through to where she flung herself on to the king’s breast 
 at the front door, and he kissed her sixteen or seventeen times— 
 and then up she jumps, with her face afire hke sunset, and says: 
 
 “The brute! Come—don’t waste a minute—not a second — 
 we’ll have them tarred and feathered, and flung in the river!” 
 
 Says I: 
 
 “Cert’nly. But do you mean, before you go to Mr. Lothrop’s, 
 
 99 
 
 or- 
 
 “Oh,” she says, “what am I thinking about!” she says, and set 
 right down again. “Don’t mind w'hat I said—please don’t—you 
 wont, now, will you?” Laying her silky hand on mine in that 
 kind of a way that I said I would die first. “I never thought, I 
 
 187 
 
