I awluz ’spected dat rattlesnake skin warn’t done wid its 
 work.” 
 
 “I wish I’d never seen that snake-skin, Jim—I do wish I’d 
 never laid eyes on it.” 
 
 “It ain’t yo’ fault. Huck; you didn’t know. Don’t you blame 
 yo’self’bout it.” 
 
 When it was daylight, here was the clear Ohio water in shore, 
 sure enough, and outside was the old regular Muddy! So it was 
 all up with Cairo. 
 
 We talked it all over. It wouldn’t do to take to the shore; we 
 couldn’t take the raft up the stream, of course. There warn’t no 
 way but to wait for dark, and start back in the canoe and take 
 the chances. So we slept all day amongst the cotton-wood 
 thicket, so as to be fresh for the work, and when we went back 
 to the raft about dark the canoe was gone! 
 
 We didn’t say a word for a good while. There warn’t any¬ 
 thing to say. We both knowed well enough it was some more 
 work of the rattlesnake skin; so what was the use to talk about 
 it? It would only look like we was finding fault, and that would 
 be bound to fetch more bad luck—and keep on fetching it, too, 
 till we knowed enough to keep still. 
 
 By and by we talked about what we better do, and found 
 there warn’t no way but just to go along down with the raft till 
 we got a chance to buy a canoe to go back in. We warn’t going 
 to borrow it when there warn’t anybody around, the way pap 
 would do, for that might set people after us. 
 
 So we shoved out, after dark, on the raft. 
 
 Anybody that don’t believe yet, that it’s foolishness to handle 
 a snake-skin, after all that that snake-skin done for us, will 
 believe it now, if they read on and see what more it done for us. 
 
 The place to buy canoes is off of rafts laying up at shore. But 
 we didn’t see no rafts laying up; so we went along during three 
 hours and more. Well, the night got grey, and ruther thick, 
 which is the next meanest thing to fog. You can’t tell the shape 
 of the river, and you can’t see no distance. It got to be very late 
 
 93 
 
