“That’s what Miss Mary Jane said.” 
 
 “Well, what in the nation do they call it the mumps for?” 
 
 “Why, because it is the mumps. That’s what it starts with.” 
 
 “Well, ther’ ain’t no sense in it. A body might stump his toe, 
 and take pison, and fall down the well, and break his neck, and 
 bust his brains out, and somebody come along and ask what 
 killed him, and some numskull up and say, ‘Why, he stumped his 
 toe.’ Would ther’ be any sense in that? No. And ther’ ain’t no 
 sense in this, nuther. Is it ketching?” 
 
 “Is it ketching ? Why, how you talk. Is a harrow catching?—in 
 the dark? If you don’t hitch on to one tooth, you’re bound to on 
 another, ain’t you? And you can’t get away with that tooth with¬ 
 out fetching the whole harrow along, can you? Well, these kind 
 of mumps is a kind of a harrow, as you may say—and it ain’t 
 no slouch of a harrow, nuther, you come to get it hitched on 
 
 “Well, it’s awful, I think,” says the hare-lip. “I’ll go to Uncle 
 Harvey and-” 
 
 “Oh, yes,” I says, “I would. Of course I would. I wouldn’t lose 
 no time.” 
 
 “Well, why wouldn’t you?” 
 
 “Just look at it a minute, and maybe you can see. Hain’t your 
 uncles obleeged to get along home to England as fast as they can? 
 And do you reckon they’d be mean enough to go off and leave 
 you to go all that journey by yourselves? You know they’ll wait 
 for you. So fur, so good. Your Uncle Harvey’s a preacher, ain’t 
 he? Very well, then; is a preacher going to deceive a steamboat 
 clerk? is he going to deceive a ship-clerk ?—so as to get them to let 
 Miss Mary Jane go aboard? Now you know he ain’t. What will 
 he do, then? Why, he’ll say, ‘It’s a great pity, but my church 
 matters has got to get along the best way they can; for my niece 
 has been exposed to the dreadful pluribus-unum mumps, and so 
 it’s my bounden duty to set down here and wait the three months 
 it takes to show on her if she’s got it.’ But never mind, if you 
 
 think it’s best to tell your Uncle Harvey-” 
 
 193 
 
