genies come tearing in, with the thunder and lightning a-ripping 
 around and the smoke a-rolling, and everything they’re told to 
 do they up and do it. They don’t think nothing of pulling a shot 
 tower up by the roots, and belting a Sunday school superintend¬ 
 ent over the head with it—or any other man.” 
 
 “Who makes them tear around so?” 
 
 “Why, whoever rubs the lamp or the ring. They belong to 
 whoever rubs the lamp or the ring, and they’ve got to do what¬ 
 ever he says. If he tells them to build a palace forty miles long, 
 out of di’monds, and fill it full of chewing gum, or whatever you 
 want, and fetch an emperor’s daughter from China for you to 
 marry, they’ve got to do it—and they’ve got to do it before 
 sun-up next morning, too. And more—they’ve got to waltz that 
 palace around over the country wherever you want it, you 
 understand.” 
 
 “Well,” says I, “I think they are a pack of flatheads for not 
 keeping the palace themselves ’stead of fooling them away like 
 that. And what’s more—if I was one of them I would see a man 
 in Jericho before I would drop my business and come to him for 
 the rubbing of an old tin lamp.” 
 
 “How you talk, Huck Finn. Why, you’d have tci come when 
 he rubbed it, whether you wanted to or not.” 
 
 “What, and I as high as a tree and as big as a church? All right, 
 then; I would come; but I lay I’d make that man climb the highest 
 tree there was in the country.” 
 
 “Shucks, it ain’t no use to talk to you, Huck Finn. You don’t 
 seem to know anything, somehow—perfect sap-head.” 
 
 I thought all this over for two or three days, and then I 
 reckoned I would see if there was anything in it. I got an old tin 
 lamp and an iron ring and went out in the woods and rubbed 
 and rubbed till I sweat like an Injun, calculating to build a palace 
 and sell it; but it warn’t no use, none of the genies come. So then 
 I judged that all that stuff was onlyjust one of Tom Sawyer’s lies. 
 I reckoned he believed in the A-rabs and the elephants, but as 
 for me I think different. It had all the marks of a Sunday school. 
 
 14 
 
