INTRODUCTION 
 
 The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is the only one of Mark 
 Twain’s various books which can be called a masterpiece. I do not 
 suggest that it is his only book of permanent interest; but it is the 
 only one in which his genius is completely realized, and the only 
 one which creates its own category. There are pages in Tom 
 Sawyer and in Life on the Mississippi which are, within their 
 limits, as good as anything with which one can compare them in 
 Huckleberry Finn ; and in other books there are drolleries just as 
 good of their kind. But when we find one book by a prolific 
 author which is very much superior to all the rest, we look for 
 the peculiar accident or concourse of accidents which made that 
 book possible. In the writing of Huckleberry Finn Mark Twain 
 had two elements which, when treated with his sensibility and , 
 his experience, formed a great book: these two are the Boy and / 
 the River. 
 
 Huckleberry Finn is, no doubt, a book which boys enjoy. I can¬ 
 not speak from memory: I suspect that a fear on the part of my 
 parents lest I should acquire a premature taste for tobacco, and 
 perhaps other habits of the hero of the story, kept the book out 
 of my way. But Huckleberry Finn does not fall into the category 
 of juvenile fiction. The opinion of my parents that it was a book 
 unsuitable for boys left me, for most of my life, under the 
 impression that it was a book suitable only for boys. Therefore it 
 was only a few years ago that I read for the first time, and in that 
 order, Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn. 
 
 Tom Sawyer did not prepare me lor what I was to find its sequel 
 to be. Tom Sawyer seems to me to be a boys’ book, and a very 
 good one. The River and the Boy make their appearance in it; 
 the narrative is good; and there is also a very good picture of 
 society in a small mid-Western river town (for St. Petersburg is 
 more Western than Southern) a hundred years ago. But the point 
 
 A.H.F. vii A* 
 
 57G624 
 
