hid, and shoved the vines and branches apart and put it in; then 
 I done the same with the side of bacon; then the whisky jug; I 
 took all the coffee and sugar there was, and all the ammunition; 
 
 I took the wadding; I took the bucket and gourd, I took a dipper 
 and a tin cup, and my old saw and two blankets, and the skillet 
 and the coffee-pot. I took fish-lines and matches and other things 
 —everything that was worth a cent. I cleaned out the place. I 
 wanted an axe, but there wasn’t any, only the one out at the 
 wood pile, and I knowed why I was going to leave that. I fetched 
 out the gun, and now I was done. 
 
 I had wore the ground a good deal, crawling out of the hole 
 and dragging out so many things. So I fixed that as good as I 
 could from the outside by scattering dust on the place, which 
 covered up the smoothness and the sawdust. Then I fixed the 
 piece of log back into its place, and put two rocks under it and 
 one against it to hold it there,—for it was bent up at that place, 
 and didn’t quite touch ground. If you stood four or five foot 
 away and didn’t know it was sawed, you wouldn’t ever notice 
 it; and besides, this was the back of the cabin and it warn’t likely 
 anybody would go fooling around there. 
 
 It was all grass clear to the canoe; so I hadn’t left a track. I 
 followed around to see. I stood on the bank and looked out over 
 the river. All safe. So I took the gun and went up a piece into the 
 woods and was hunting around for some birds, when I see a 
 wild pig; hogs soon went wild in them bottoms after they had 
 got away from the prairie farms. I shot this fellow and took him 
 into camp. 
 
 I took the axe and smashed in the door. I beat it and hacked it 
 considerable, a-doing it. I fetched the pig in and took him back 
 nearly to the table and hacked into his throat with the axe, and 
 laid him down on the ground to bleed—I say ground, because 
 it was ground—hard packed, and no boards. Well, next I took 
 an old sack and put a lot of big rocks in it—all I could drag—• 
 and I started it from the pig and dragged it to the door and 
 through the woods down to the river and dumped it in, and 
 
 32 
 
