to do it. Then he took a look to see how me and Jim was getting 
 along with the pens. It was most pesky tedious hard work and 
 slow, and didn’t give my hands no show to get well of the sores, 
 and we didn’t seem to make no headway, hardly. So Tom says: 
 
 “I know how to fix it. We got to have a rock for the coat of 
 arms and mournful inscriptions, and we can kill two birds with 
 that same rock. There’s a gaudy big grindstone down at the mill, 
 and we’ll smouch it, and carve the tiling on it, and file out the 
 pens and the saw on it, too.” 
 
 It warn’t no slouch of an idea; and it warn’t no slouch of a 
 grindstone nuther; but we allowed we’d tackle it. It warn’t quite 
 midnight, yet, so we cleared out for the mill, leaving Jim at 
 work. We smouched the grindstone, and set out to roll her 
 home, but it was a most nation tough job. Sometimes, do what 
 we could, we couldn’t keep her from falling over, and she come 
 mighty near mashing us, every time. Tom said she was going tc 
 get one of us, sure, before we got through. We got her half way; 
 and then we was plumb played out, and most drownded with 
 sweat. We see it warn’t no use, we got to go and fetch Jim. So 
 he raised up his bed and slid the chain off of the bed-leg, and 
 wrapt it round and round his neck, and we crawled out through 
 our hole and down there, and Jim and me laid into that grind¬ 
 stone and walked her along like nothing; and Tom super¬ 
 intended. He could out-superintend any boy I ever see. He 
 knowed how to do everything. 
 
 Our hole was pretty big, but it warn’t big enough to get the 
 grindstone through; but Jim he took the pick and soon made 
 it big enough. Then Tom marked out them things on it with 
 the nail, and set Jim to work on them, with the nail for a chisel 
 and an iron bolt from the rubbage in the lean-to for a hammer, 
 and told him to work till the rest of his candle quit on him, and 
 then he could go to bed, and hide the grindstone under his straw 
 tick and sleep on it. Then we helped him fix his chain back on 
 the bed-leg, and was ready for bed ourselves. But Tom thought 
 of something, and says: 
 
 260 
 
