the look-out all the time. All I could get to eat was berries and 
 what was left over from breakfast. 
 
 By the time it was night I was pretty hungry. So when it was 
 good and dark, I slid out from shore before moonrise and 
 paddled over to the Illinois bank—about a quarter of a mile. I 
 went out in the woods and cooked a supper, and I had about 
 made up my mind I would stay there all night, when I hear a 
 plunkety-plunk, plunkety-plunk, and says to myself, horses com¬ 
 ing; and next I hear people’s voices. I got everything into the 
 canoe as quick as I could, and then went creeping through the 
 woods to see what I could find out. I hadn’t got far when I hear 
 a man say: 
 
 “We better camp here, if we can find a good place; the horses 
 is about beat out. Let’s look around.” 
 
 I didn’t wait, but shoved out and paddled away easy. I tied 
 up in the old place, and reckoned I would sleep in the canoe. 
 
 I didn’t sleep much. I couldn’t, somehow, for thinking. And 
 every time I waked up I thought somebody had me by the neck. 
 So the sleep didn’t do me no good. By and by I says to myself, 
 I can’t live this way; I’m a-going to find out who it is that’s here 
 on the island with me; I’ll find it out or bust. Well, I felt better, 
 right off. 
 
 So I took my paddle and slid out from shore just a step or two, 
 and then let the canoe drop along down amongst the shadows. 
 The moon was shining, and outside of the shadows it made it 
 most as light as day. I poked along well on to an hour, everything 
 still as rocks and sound asleep. Well, by this time I was most 
 down to the foot of the island. A little ripply, cool breeze begun 
 to blow, and that was as good as saying the night was about done. 
 I give her a turn with the paddle and brung her nose to shore; 
 then I got my gun and slipped out and into the edge of the 
 woods. I set down there on a log and looked out through the 
 leaves. I see the moon go off watch and the darkness begin to 
 blanket the river. But in a little while I see a pale streak over the 
 tree-tops, and knowed the day was coming. So I took my gun 
 
 40 
 
