He said they'd got across the river and was safe. I was glad of 
 that; but the way Buck did take on because he didn’t manage 
 to kill Harney that day he shot at him—I hain’t ever heard any¬ 
 thing like it. 
 
 All of a sudden, bang! bang! bang! goes three or four guns— 
 the men had slipped aroimd through the woods and come in 
 from behind without their horses! The boys jumped for the river 
 —both of them hurt—and as they swum down the current the 
 men run along the bank shouting at them and singing out, “Kill 
 them, kill them!” It made me so sick I most fell out of the tree. 
 I ain’ t a-going t_Q__tcll all that happened—it would make me sick 
 again if I was to do that. I wished I h adn’t ever come ashore that 
 ni ght, to see such things. I ain’t ever going to get shut of them 
 —lots of times I dream about them. 
 
 I stayed in the tree till it begun to get dark, afraid to come 
 down. Sometimes I heard guns away off in the woods; and twice 
 I seen little gangs of men gallop past the log store with guns; so 
 I reckoned the trouble was still a-going on. I was mighty down¬ 
 hearted; so I made up my mind I wouldn’t ever go a-near that 
 house again, because I reckoned I was to blame, somehow. I 
 judged that that piece of paper meant that Miss Sophia was to 
 meet Harney somewheres at half-past two and run off; and I 
 judged I ought to told her father about that paper and the curious 
 way she acted, and then maybe he would a locked her up and 
 this awful mess wouldn’t ever happened. 
 
 When I got down out of the tree, I crept along down the river 
 bank a piece, and found the two bodies laying in the edge of the 
 water, and tugged at them till I got them ashore; then I covered 
 up their faces, and got away as quick as I could. I cried a little 
 when I was covering up Buck’s face, for he was mighty good 
 to me. 
 
 It was just dark, now. I never went near the house, but struck 
 through the woods and made for the swamp. Jim warn’t on his 
 island, so I tramped off in a hurry for the crick, and crowded 
 through the willows, red-hot to jump aboard and get out of that 
 
 ii5 
 
