maybe you’d help me tow the raft ashore where the light is. He’s 
 sick—and so is mam and Mary Ann.” 
 
 “Oh, the devil! we’re in a hurry, boy. But I s’pose we’ve got 
 to. Come—buckle to your paddle, and let’s get along.” 
 
 I buckled to my paddle and they laid to their oars. When we 
 had made a stroke or two, I says: 
 
 “Pap’ll be mighty much obleeged to you, I can tell you. 
 Everybody goes away when I want them to help me tow the raft 
 ashore, and I can’t do it by myself.” 
 
 “Well, that’s infernal mean. Odd, too. Say, boy, what’s the 
 matter with your father?” 
 
 “It’s the—a—the—well, it ain’t anything much.” 
 
 They stopped pulling. It warn’t but a mighty ways to the raft, 
 now. One says: 
 
 “Boy, that’s a lie. What is the matter with your pap? Answer 
 up square, now, and it’ll be the better for you.” 
 
 “I will, sir, I will, honest—but don’t leave us, please. It’s the 
 —the—gentlemen, if you’ll only pull ahead, and let me heave you 
 the head-line, you won’t have to cornea-near the raft—please do.” 
 
 “Set her back John, set her back!” says one. They backed 
 water. “Keep away, boy—keep to looard. Confound it, I just 
 expect the wind has blowed it to us. Your pap’s got the smallpox, 
 and you know it precious well. Why didn’t you come out and 
 say so? Do you want to spread it all over?” 
 
 “Well,” says I, a-blubbering, “I’ve told everybody before, and 
 then they just went away and left us.” 
 
 “Poor devil, there’s something in that. We are right down 
 sorry for you, but we—well, hang it, we don’t want the small¬ 
 pox, you see. Look here, I’ll tell you what to do. Don’t you try 
 to land by yourself, or you’ll smash everything to pieces. You 
 float along down about twenty miles and you’ll come to a town 
 on the left-hand side of the river. It will be long after sun-up, 
 then, and when you ask for help, you tell them your folks are all 
 down with chills and fever. Don’t be a fool again, and let people 
 guess what is the matter. Now we’re trying to do you a kindness; 
 
 90 
 
