after all that soul-butter and hogwash, I never see it freshen up 
 things so, and sound so honest and bully. 
 
 Then the king begins to work his jaw again, and says how him 
 and his nieces would be glad if a few of the main principal friends 
 of the family would take supper here with them this evening, 
 and help set up with the ashes of the diseased; and says if his poor 
 brother laying yonder could speak, he knows who he would 
 name, for they was names that was very dear to him, and men¬ 
 tioned often in his letters; and so he will name the same, to wit, 
 as follows, viz.: Rev. Mr. Hobson, and Deacon Lot Hovey and 
 Mr. Ben Rucker, and Abner Shackleford, and Levi Bell, and 
 Dr. Robinson, and their wives, and the widow Bartley. 
 
 Rev. Hobson and Dr. Robinson was down to the end of the 
 town, a-hunting together; that is, I mean the doctor was shipping 
 a sick man to t’other world, and the preacher was pinting him 
 right. Lawyer Bell was away up to Louisville on some business. 
 But the rest was on hand, and so they all come and shook hands 
 with the king and thanked him and talked to him; and then they 
 shook hands with the duke, and didn’t say nothing but just kept 
 a-smiling and bobbing their heads like a passel of sapheads whilst 
 he made all sorts of signs with his hands and said “Goo-goo— 
 goo-goo-goo,” all the time, like a baby that can’t talk. 
 
 So the king he blatted along, and managed to inquire about 
 pretty much every body and dog in town, by his name, and 
 mentioned all sorts of little tilings that happened one time or 
 another in the town, or to George’s family, or to Peter; and he 
 always let on that Peter wrote him the things, but that was a he, 
 he got every blessed one of them out of that young flathead that 
 we canoed up to the steamboat. 
 
 Then Mary Jane she fetched the letter her father left behind, 
 and the king he read it out loud and cried over it. It give the 
 dwelling-house and three thousand dollars, gold, to the girls; 
 and it give the tanyard (which was doing a good business), along 
 with some other houses and land (worth about seven thousand), 
 and three thousand dollars in gold to Harvey and William, and 
 
 165 
 
