And so for three days and nights. No difference—just the same 
 thing. But the next day I went exploring around down through 
 the island. I was boss of it; it all belonged to me, so to say, and 
 I wanted to know all about it; but mainly I wanted to put in the 
 time. I found plenty strawberries, ripe and prime; and green 
 summer-grapes, and green razberries; and the green blackberries 
 was just beginning to show. They would all come handy by and 
 by, I judged. 
 
 Well, I went fooling along in the deep woods till I judged I 
 warn’t far from the foot of the island. I had my gun along, but 
 I hadn’t shot nothing; it was for protection; thought I would kill 
 some game nigh home. About this time I mighty near stepped 
 on a good-sized snake, and it went sliding off through the grass 
 and flowers, and I after it, trying to get a shot at it. I clipped 
 along, and all of a sudden 1 bounded right on to the ashes of a 
 camp fire that was still smoking. 
 
 My heart jumped up amongst my lungs. I never waited for to 
 look further, but uncocked my gun and went sneaking back on 
 my tiptoes as fast as ever I could. Every now and then I stopped 
 a second, amongst the thick leaves, and listened; but my breath 
 come so hard I couldn’t hear nothing else. I slunk along another 
 piece further, then listened again; and so on, and so on; if I see 
 a stump, I took it for a man; if I trod on a stick and broke it, it 
 made me feel like a person had cut one of my breaths in two and 
 I only got half, and the short half, too. 
 
 When I got to camp I warn’t feeling very brash, there warn’t 
 much sand in my craw; but I says, this ain’t no time to be fooling 
 around. So I got all my traps into my canoe again so as to have 
 them out of sight, and I put out the fire and scattered the ashes 
 around to look like an old last year’s camp, and then dumb 
 a tree. 
 
 I reckon I was up in the tree two hours; but I didn’t see 
 nothing, I didn’t hear nothing—I only thought I heard and seen 
 as much as a thousand things. Well, I couldn’t stay up there for 
 ever; so at last I got down, but I kept in the thick woods and on 
 
 39 
 
