and has to go about that way every night grieving. I got so down¬ 
 hearted and scared, I did wish I had some company. Pretty soon 
 a spider went crawling up my shoulder, and I flipped it off and 
 it ht in the candle; and before I could budge it was all shrivelled 
 up. I didn’t need anybody to tell me that that was ail awful bad 
 sign and would fetch me some bad luck, so I was scared and most 
 shook the clothes off of me. I got up and turned around in my 
 tracks three times and crossed my breast every time; and then I 
 tied up a little lock of my hair with a thread to keep witches 
 away. But I hadn’t no confidence. You do that when you’ve lost 
 a horse-shoe that you’ve found, instead of nailing it up over the 
 door, but I-hadn’t ever heard anybody say it was any way to 
 keep off bad luck when you’d killed a spider. 
 
 I set down again, a-shaking all over, and got out my pipe for 
 a smoke; for the house was all as still as death, now, and so the 
 widow wouldn’t know. Well, after a long time I heard the clock 
 away off in the town go boom—boom—boom—twelve licks— 
 and all still again—stiller than ever. Pretty soon I heard a twig snap, 
 down in the dark amongst the trees—something was a-stirring. 
 I set still and listened. Directly I could just barely hear a “me- 
 yow! me-yow!” down there. That was good! Says I, “ me-yow! 
 me-yow!” as soft as I could, and then I put out the light and 
 scrambled out of the window on to the shed. Then I slipped 
 down to the ground and crawled in amongst the trees, and sure 
 enough there was Tom Sawyer waiting for me. 
 
 CHAPTER II 
 
 we went tiptoeing along a path amongst the trees back towards 
 the end of the widow’s garden, stooping down so as the branches 
 wouldn’t scrape our heads. When we was passing by the kitchen 
 I fell over a root and made a noise. We scrouched down and laid 
 still. Miss Watson’s big nigger, named Jim, was setting in the 
 kitchen door; we could see him pretty clear, because there was 
 
 4 
 
