“It’s a most amaz’n’ good idea, duke—you have got a rattlin’ 
 clever head on you,” says the king. “Blest if the old Nonesuch 
 ain’t a-heppin’ us out agin”—and he begun to haul out yaller- 
 jackets and stack them up. 
 
 It most busted them, but they made up the six thousand clean 
 and clear. 
 
 “Say,” says the duke, “I got another idea. Let’s go upstairs and 
 count this money, and then take and give it to the girls.” 
 
 “ Good land, duke, lemme hug you! It’s the most dazzling 
 idea ’at ever a man struck. You have cert’nly got the most 
 astonishin’ head I ever see. Oh, this is the boss dodge, ther’ ain’t 
 no mistake ’bout it. Let ’em fetch along their suspicions now, if 
 they want to—this’ll lay ’em out.” 
 
 When we got up stairs, everybody gethered around the table, 
 and the king he counted it and stacked it up, three hundred 
 dollars in a pile—twenty elegant little piles. Everybody looked 
 hungry at it, and licked their chops. Then they raked it into the 
 bag again, and I see the king begin to swell himself up for 
 another speech. He says: 
 
 “Friends all, my poor brother that lays yonder has done 
 generous by them that’s left behind in the vale of sorrers. He has 
 done generous by these-yer poor little lambs that he loved and 
 sheltered, and that’s left fatherless and motherless. Yes, and we 
 that knowed him, knows that he would a done more generous 
 by ’em if he hadn’t ben afeard o’ woundin’ his dear William and 
 me. Now, wouldn’t he? Ther’ ain’t no question ’bout it, in my 
 mind. Well, then—what kind o’ brothers would it be, that’d 
 stand in his way at sech a time? And what kind o’ uncles would it 
 be that’d rob—yes, roh —sech poor sweet lambs as these ’at he 
 loved so, at sech a time? If I know William—and I think I do— 
 he—well, I’ll jest ask him.” He turns around and begins to make 
 a lot of signs to the duke with his hands; and the duke he looks 
 at him stupid and leather-headed a while, then all of a sudden 
 he seems to catch his meaning, and jumps for the king, goo- 
 gooing with all his might for joy, and hugs him about fifteen 
 
 167 
 
