have bought it of you and paid you for it. Here’s a dollar for you. 
 Now, you sign it.” 
 
 So I signed it, and left. 
 
 Miss Watson’s nigger, Jim, had a hair-ball as big as your fist, 
 which had been took out of the fourth stomach of an ox, and he 
 used to do magic with it. He said there was a spirit inside of it, 
 and it knowed everything. So I went to him that night and told 
 him pap was here again, for I found his tracks in the snow. What 
 I wanted to know, was, what he was going to do, and was he 
 going to stay? Jim got out his hair-ball, and said something over 
 it, and then he held it up and dropped it on the floor. It fell pretty 
 solid, and only rolled about an inch. Jim tried it again, and then 
 another time, and it acted just the same. Jim got down on his 
 knees and put his ear against it and listened. But it warn’t no 
 use; he said it wouldn’t talk. He said sometimes it wouldn’t talk 
 without money. I told him I had an old slick counterfeit quarter 
 that warn’t no good because the brass showed through the silver 
 a little, and it wouldn’t pass nohow, even if the brass did’nt 
 show because it was so slick it felt greasy, and so that would 
 tell on it every time. (I reckoned I wouldn’t say nothing about the 
 dollar I got from the judge.) I said it was pretty bad money, but 
 maybe the hair-ball would take it, because maybe it wouldn’t 
 know the difference. Jim smelt it, and bit it, and rubbed it, and 
 said he would manage so the hair-ball would think it was good. 
 He said he would split open a raw Irish potato and stick the 
 quarter in between and keep it there all night, and next morning 
 you couldn’t see no brass, and it wouldn’t feel greasy no more, 
 and so anybody in town would take it in a minute, let alone a 
 hair-ball. Well, I knowed a potato would do that, before, but I 
 had forgot it. 
 
 Jim put the quarter under the hair-ball and got down and 
 listened again. This time he said the hair-ball was all right. He 
 said it would tell my whole fortune if I wanted it to. I says, go on. 
 So the hair-ball talked to Jim, and Jim told it to me. He says: 
 
 “Yo’ ole father doan’ know, yit, what he’s a-gwyne to do. 
 
 17 
 
