ing to shove them back, and shouting, “Back, back! give him 
 air, give him air.” 
 
 Colonel Sherburn he tossed his pistol on to the ground, and 
 turned around on Iris heels and walked off. 
 
 They took Boggs to a little drug store, the crowd pressing 
 around, just the same, and the whole town following, and I 
 rushed and got a good place at the window, where I was close 
 to him and could see in. They laid him on the floor, and put one 
 large Bible under his head, and opened another one and spread 
 it on his breast—but they tore open his shirt first, and I seen 
 where one of the bullets went in. He made about a dozen long 
 gasps, his breast lifting the Bible up when he drawed in his 
 breath, and letting it down again when he breathed it out—and 
 after that he laid still; he was dead. Then they pulled his daughter 
 away from him, screaming and crying, and took her off*. She 
 was about sixteen, and very sweet and gentle-looking, but awful 
 pale and scared. 
 
 Well, pretty soon the whole town was there, squirming and 
 scrouging and pushing and shoving to get at the window and 
 have a look, but people that had the places wouldn’t give them 
 up, and folks behind them was saying all the time, “Say, now, 
 you’ve looked enough, you fellows; ’taint right and ’taint fair, 
 for you to stay thar all the time, and never give nobody a chance; 
 other folks has their rights as well as you.” 
 
 There was considerable jawing back, so I slid out, thinking 
 maybe there was going to be trouble. The streets was full, and 
 everybody was excited. Everybody that seen the shooting was 
 telling how it happened, and there was a big crowd packed 
 around each one of these fellows, stretching their necks and 
 listening. One long lanky man, with long hair and a big white 
 fur stove-pipe hat on the back of his head, and a crooked- 
 handled cane, marked out the places on the ground where Boggs 
 stood, and where Sherburn stood, and the people following him 
 around from one place to t’other and watching everything he 
 done, and bobbing their heads to show they understood, and 
 
 144 
 
