fix that leg just in three shakes of a sheep’s tail, as the saying is? 
 spos’n it takes him three or four days? What are we going to do? 
 —lay around there till he lets the cat out of the bag? No, sir, I 
 know what I’ll do. I’ll wait, and when he comes back, if he says 
 he’s got to go any more, I’ll get down there, too, if I swim; and 
 we’ll take and tie him, and keep him, and shove out down the 
 river; and when Tom’s done with him, we’ll give him what it’s 
 worth, or all we got, and then let him get ashore. 
 
 So then I crept into a lumber pile to get some sleep; and next 
 time I waked up the sun was away up over my head! I shot out 
 and went for the doctor’s house, but they told me he’d gone 
 away in the night, some time or other, and warn’t back yet. 
 Well, thinks I, that looks powerful bad for Tom, and I’ll dig out 
 for the island, right olf. So away I shoved, and turned the 
 corner, and nearly rammed my head into Uncle Silas’s stomach! 
 He says: 
 
 “Why, Tom! Where you been, all this time, you rascal?” 
 
 “I hain’t been nowheres,” I says, “only just hunting for the 
 runaway nigger—me and Sid.” 
 
 “Why, where ever did you go?” he says. “Your aunt’s been 
 mighty uneasy.” 
 
 “She needn’t,” I says, “because we was all right. We followed 
 the men and the dogs, but they outrun us, and we lost them; but 
 we thought we heard them on the water, so we got a canoe and 
 took out after them, and crossed over but couldn’t find nothing 
 of them; so we cruised along up-shore till we got kind of tired 
 and beat out; and tied up the canoe and went to sleep, and never 
 waked up till about an hour ago, then we paddled over here to 
 hear the news, and Sid’s at the post office to see what he can 
 hear, and I’m a-branching out to get something to eat for us, 
 and then we’re going home.” 
 
 So then we went to the post office to get “Sid’’; but just as I 
 suspicioned, he wam’t there; so the old man he got a letter out 
 of the office, and we waited a while longer but Sid didn’t come; 
 so the old man said come along, let Sid foot it home, or canoe 
 
 277 
 
