could go after even a turnip-cart but he must have the swords 
 and guns all scoured up for it; though they was onlv lath and 
 broom-sticks, and you might scour at them till you rotted, and 
 then they wam’t worth a mouthful of ashes more than what they 
 was before. I didn’t believe we could lick such a crowd of 
 Spaniards and A-rabs, but I wanted to see the camels and 
 elephants, so I was on hand next day, Saturday, in the ambuscade; 
 and when we got the word, we rushed out of the wooes and 
 down the hill.But there wam’t no Spaniards and. A-rabs, and there 
 wam’t no camels nor no elephants. It wam’t anything but a 
 Sunday-school picnic, and only a primer-class at that. We busted 
 it up, and chased the children up the hollow; but we never got 
 anything but some doughnuts and jam, though Ben Rogers got 
 a rag doll, and Jo Harper got a hymn-book and a tract; and then 
 the teacher charged in and made us drop everything and cut. I 
 didn’t see no di’monds, and I told Tom Sawyer so. He said there 
 was loads of them there, anyway; and he said there was A-rabs 
 there, too, and elephants and things. I said, why couldn’t we see 
 them, then? He said if I wam’t so ignorant, but had read a book 
 called Don Quixote, I would know without askmu. He said it 
 was all done by enchantment. He said there was hundreds of 
 soldiers there, and elephants and treasure, and so on. but we had 
 enemies which he called magicians, and they had turned the 
 whole thing into an infant Sunday school, just out of spite. I 
 said all right, then the thing for us to do was to go for the 
 magicians. Tom Sawyer said I was a numskull. 
 
 “Why,’’ says he, “a magician could call up a lot of genies, and 
 they would hash you up like nothing before you could say Jack 
 Robinson. They are as tall as a tree and as big around as a 
 church.’’ 
 
 “Well,” I says, “s’pose we got some genies to help us —can t 
 we lick the other crowd then?’’ 
 
 "How you going to get them? 
 
 “I don’t know. How do they get them?" 
 
 “Why, they rub an old tin lamp or an iron ring, and then the 
 
 A.H.F. 13 B 
 
