While I was cooking supper the old man took a swig or two and 
 got sort of warmed up, and went to ripping again. He had been 
 drunk over in town, and laid in the gutter all night, and he was 
 a sight to look at. A body would a thought he was Adam, he was 
 just all mud. Whenever his liquor begun to work, he most 
 always went for the govment. This time he says: 
 
 “Call this a govment! why, just look at it and see what it’s 
 like. Here’s the law a-standing ready to take a man’s son away 
 from him—a man’s own son, winch he had had all the trouble 
 and all the anxiety and all the expense of raising. Yes, just as 
 that man has got that son raised at last, and ready to go to work 
 and begin to do suthin’ for him and give him a rest, the law up 
 and goes for him. And they call that govment! That ain’t all, 
 nuther. The law backs that old Judge Thatcher up and helps 
 him to keep me out o’ my property. Here’s what the law does. 
 The law takes a man worth six thousand dollars and upards, and 
 jams him into an old trap of a cabin like tins, and lets him go 
 round in clothes that ain’t fitten for a hog. They call that gov¬ 
 ment! A man can’t get lhs rights in a govment like this. Some¬ 
 times I’ve a mighty notion to just leave the country for good and 
 all. Yes, and I told ’em so; I told old Thatcher so to lhs face. Lots 
 of ’em heard me, and can tell what I said. Says I, for two cents 
 I’d leave the blamed country and never come anear it agin. 
 Them’s the very words. I says, look at my hat—if you call it a 
 hat—but the lid raises up and the rest of it goes down till it’s 
 below my chin, and then it ain’t rightly a hat at all, but more 
 like my head was shoved up through a jint o’ stove-pipe. Look 
 at it, says I—such a hat for me to wear—one of the wealthiest 
 men in this town, if I could git my rights. 
 
 “Oh, yes, this is a wonderful govment, wonderful. Why, looky 
 here. There was a free nigger there, from Ohio; a mulatter, most 
 as white as a white man. He had the whitest shirt on you ever 
 see, too, and the shiniest hat; and there ain’t a man in that town 
 that’s got as fine clothes as what he had; and he had a gold watch 
 and chain, and a silver-headed cane—the awfullest old grey- 
 
 26 
 
