cub, and they warn’t the likeliest, nuther, because the first haul 
 was the pick of the flock. I never see a likelier lot of rats than 
 what that first haul was. 
 
 We got a splendid stock of sorted spiders, and bugs, and frogs, 
 and caterpillars, and one thing or another; and we like-to got a 
 hornet’s nest, but we didn’t. The family was at home. We didn’t 
 give it right up, but stayed with them as long as we could; 
 because we allowed we’d tire them out or they’d got to tire us 
 out, and they done it. Then we got allycumpain and rubbed on 
 the places, and was pretty near all right again, but couldn’t set 
 down convenient. And so we went for the snakes, and grabbed 
 a couple of dozen garters and house-snakes, and put them in a 
 bag, and put it in our room, and by that time it was supper time, 
 and a rattling good honest day’s work; and hungry?—oh, no, I 
 reckon not! And there warn’t a blessed snake up there, when we 
 went back—we didn’t half tie the sack, and they worked out, 
 somehow, and left. But it didn’t matter much, because they was 
 still on the premises somewheres. So we judged we could get 
 some of them again. No, there warn’t no real scarcity of snakes 
 about the house for a considerble spell. You’d see them dripping 
 from the rafters and places, every now and then; and they generly 
 landed in your plate, or down the back of your neck, and most 
 of the time where you didn’t want them. Well, they was hand¬ 
 some, and striped, and there warn’t no harm in a million of 
 them; but that never made no difference to Aunt Sally, she 
 despised snakes, be the breed what they might, and she couldn’t 
 stand them no way you could fix it; and every time one of 
 them flopped down on her, it didn’t make no difference what 
 she was doing, she would just lay that work down and light out. 
 I never see such a woman. And you could hear her whoop to 
 Jericho. You couldn’t get her to take aholt of one of them with 
 the tongs. And if she turned over and found one in bed, she 
 would scramble out and lift a howl that you would think the 
 house was afire. She disturbed the old man so, that he said he 
 could most wish there hadn’t ever been no snakes created. Why, 
 
 265 
 
