he was resking his freedom to do it, and was all tired out, too, 
 and I see plain enough he’d been worked main hard, lately. I liked 
 the nigger for that; I tell you, gentlemen, a nigger like that is 
 worth a thousand dollars—and kind treatment, too. I had every- 
 tliing I needed, and the boy was doing as well there as he would 
 a done at home—better, maybe, because it was so quiet; but there 
 I was, with both of ’m on my hands; and there I had to stick, 
 till about dawn tlxis morning; then some men in a skiff come by, 
 and as good luck would have it, the nigger was setting by the 
 pallet with his head propped on his knees, sound asleep; so I 
 motioned them in, quiet, and theyslipped upon him and grabbed 
 him and tied him before he knowed what he was about, and we 
 never had no trouble. And the boy being in a kind of a flighty 
 sleep, too, we muffled the oars and hitched the raft on, and towed 
 her over very nice and quiet, and the nigger never made the least 
 row nor said a word, from the start. He ain’t no bad nigger, 
 gentlemen; that’s what I think about him.” 
 
 Somebody says: 
 
 “Well, it sounds very good, doctor, I’m obleeged to say.” 
 
 Then the others softened up a little, too, and I was mighty 
 thankful to that old doctor for doing Jim that good turn; and I 
 was glad it was according to my judgment of him, too; because 
 I thought he had a good heart in him and was a good man, the 
 first time I see him. Then they all agreed that Jim had acted very 
 well, and was deserving to have some notice took of it, and 
 reward. So every one of them promised, right out and hearty, 
 that they wouldn’t cuss him no more. 
 
 Then they come out and locked him up. I hoped they was 
 going to say he could have one or two of the chains took off, 
 because they was rotten heavy, or could have meat and greens 
 with his bread and water, but they didn’t think of it, and I 
 reckoned it wam’t best for me to mix in, but I judged I’d get the 
 doctor’s yarn to Aunt Sally, somehow or other, as soon as I’d 
 got through the breakers that was laying just ahead of me. 
 Explanations, I mean, of how I forgot to mention about Sid 
 
 285 
 
