an hour or two and see if he couldn’t put up something on the 
 Arkansaw village; and the king he allowed he would drop over 
 to t’other village, without any plan, but just trust in Providence 
 to lead him the profitable way—meaning the devil, I reckon. 
 We had all bought store clothes where we stopped last; and now 
 the king put his’n on, and he told me to put mine on. I done it, 
 of course. The king’s duds was all black, and he did look real 
 swell and starchy. I never knowed how clothes could change a 
 body before. Why, before, he looked like the orneriest old rip 
 that ever was; but now, when he’d take off his new white beaver 
 and make a bow and do a smile, he looked that grand and good 
 and pious that you’d say he had walked right out of the ark, and 
 maybe was old Leviticus himself. Jim cleaned up the canoe, and 
 I got my paddle ready. There was a big steamboat laying at the 
 shore away up under the point, about three miles above town— 
 been there a couple of hours, taking on freight. Says the king: 
 
 “Seein’ how I’m dressed, I reckon maybe I better arrive down 
 from St. Louis or Cincinnati, or some other big place. Go for 
 the steamboat, Huckleberry; we’ll come down to the village on 
 her.” 
 
 I didn’t have to be ordered twice, to go and take a steamboat 
 ride. I fetched the shore a half a mile above the village, and then 
 went scooting along the bluff bank in the easy water. Pretty soon 
 we come to a nice innocent-looking young country jake setting 
 on a log swabbing the sweat off of his face, for it was powerful 
 warm weather; and he had a couple of big carpet-bags by him. 
 
 “Run her nose in shore,” says the king. I done it. “Wher’ you 
 bound for, young man?” 
 
 “For the steamboat; going to Orleans.” 
 
 “Git aboard,” says the king. “Hold on a minute, my servant’ll 
 he’p you with them bags. Jump out and he’p the gentleman, 
 Adolphus”—meaning me, I see. 
 
 I done so, and then we all three started on again. The young 
 chap was mighty thankful; said it was tough work toting his 
 baggage such weather. He asked the king where he was going, 
 
 158 
 
