and never saying nothing, by the half a day at a time, and dread¬ 
 ful blue and desperate. 
 
 And at last they took a change, and begun to lay their heads 
 together in the wigwam and talk low and confidential two or 
 three hours at a time. Jim and me got uneasy. We didn’t like the 
 look of it. We judged they was studying up some kind of worse 
 deviltry than ever. We turned it over and over, and at last we 
 made up our minds they was going to break into somebody’s 
 house or store, or was going into the counterfeit-money business, 
 or something. So then we was pretty scared, and made up an 
 agreement that we wouldn’t have nothing in the world to do 
 with such actions, and if we ever got the least show we would 
 give them the cold shake, and clear out and leave them behind. 
 Well, early one morning we laid the raft in a good safe place 
 about two mile below a little bit of a shabby village, named 
 Pikesville, and the king he went ashore, and told us all to stay 
 laid whilst he went up to town and smelt around to see if anybody 
 had got any wind of the Royal Nonesuch there yet. (“House 
 to rob, you mean” says I to myself; “and when you get through 
 robbing it you’ll come back here and wonder what’s become of 
 me and Jim and the raft—and you’ll have to take it out in 
 wondering.”) And he said if he warn’t back by midday, the duke 
 and me would know it was all right, and we was to come along. 
 
 So we stayed where we was. The duke he fretted and sweated 
 around, and was in a mighty sour way. He scolded us for every¬ 
 thing, and we couldn’t seem to do nothing right; he found fault 
 with every little thing. Something was a-brewing, sure. I was 
 good and glad when midday come and no king; we coaid have 
 a change, anyway—and maybe a chance for the change, on top 
 of it. So me and the duke went up to the village, and hunted 
 around there for the king, and by and by we found him in the 
 back room of a little low doggery, very tight, and a lot of loafers 
 bullyragging him for sport, and he a cussing and threatening 
 with all Ills might, and so tight he couldn’t walk, and couldn’t 
 do nothing to them. The duke he begun to abuse him for an old 
 
 210 
 
