I didn’t want to set her to thinking about her troubles again; 
 and I couldn’t seem to get my mouth to tell her what would 
 make her see that corpse laying in the coffin with that bag of 
 money on his stomach. So for a minute I didn’t say nothing— 
 then I says: 
 
 “I’d ruthcr not tell you where I put it, Miss Mary Jane, if you 
 don’t mind letting me off; but I’ll write it for you on a piece of 
 paper, and you can read it along the road to Mr. Lothrop’s, if 
 you want to. Do you reckon that’ll do?” 
 
 “Oh, yes.” 
 
 So I wrote: “I put it in the coffin. It was in there when you 
 was crying there, away in the night. I was behind the door, and 
 I was mighty sorry for you, Miss Mary Jane.” 
 
 It made my eyes water a little, to remember her crying there 
 all by herself in the night, and them devils laying there right 
 under her own roof, shaming her and robbing her; and when 
 I folded it up and give it to her, I see the water come into 
 her eyes, too; and she shook me by the hand, hard, and 
 says: 
 
 “Good-bye—I’m going to do everything just as you’ve told 
 me; and if I don’t ever see you again I shan’t ever forget you, and 
 I’ll think of you a many and a many a time, and I’ll pray for you, 
 too!”—and she was gone. 
 
 Pray for me! I reckoned if she knowed me she’d take a job 
 that was more nearer her size. But I bet she done it, just the same 
 —she was just that kind. She had the grit to pray for Judas if she 
 took the notion—there warn’t no backdown to her, 1 judge. You 
 may say what you want to, but in my opinion she had more sand 
 in her than any girl I ever see; in my opinion she was just full of 
 sand. It sounds like flattery, but it ain’t no flattery. And when it 
 comes to beauty—and goodness too—she lays over them all. 1 
 hain’t ever seen her since that time that I see her go out of that 
 door; no, I hain’t ever seen her since, but I reckon I’ve thought 
 of her a many and a many a million times, and of her saying 
 she would pray for me; and if ever I’d a thought it would do 
 
 19 r 
 
