pile down off of the benches and swarm towards the ring, say¬ 
 ing, “Knock him down! throw him out!” and one or two 
 women begun to scream. So, then, the ring-master he made a 
 little speech, and said he hoped there wouldn’t be no disturbance, 
 and if the man would promise he wouldn’t make no more 
 trouble, he would let him ride, if he thought he could stay on the 
 horse. So everybody laughed and said all right, and the man got 
 on. The minute he was on, the horse begun to rip and tear and 
 jump and cavort around, with two circus men hanging on to his 
 bridle trying to hold him, and the drunk man hanging on to his 
 neck, and Inis heels flying in the air every jump, and the whole 
 crowd of people standing up shouting and laughing till the tears 
 rolled down. And at last, sure enough, all the circus men could 
 do, the horse broke loose, and away he went like the very nation, 
 round and round the ring, with that sot laying down on him 
 and hanging to his neck, with first one leg hanging most to the 
 ground on one side, and then t’other one on t’other side, and 
 the people just crazy. It warn’t funny to me, though; I was all 
 of a tremble to see his danger. But pretty soon he struggled up 
 astraddle and grabbed the bridle, a-reeling this way and that; and 
 the next minute he sprung up and dropped the bridle and stood! 
 and the horse a-going like a house afire too. He just stood up 
 there, a-sailing around as easy and comfortable as if he warn’t 
 ever drunk in his life—and then he begun to pull off his clothes 
 and sling them. He shed them so thick they kind of clogged up 
 the air, and altogether he shed seventeen suits. And then, there he 
 was, slim and handsome, and dressed the gaudiest and prettiest 
 you ever saw, and he lit into that horse with his whip and made 
 him fairly hum—and finally skipped off, and made his bow and 
 danced off to the dressing-room, and everybody just a-howling 
 with pleasure and astonishment. 
 
 Then the ring-master he see how he had been fooled, and he 
 was the sickest ring-master you ever see, I reckon. Why, it was 
 one of his own men! He had got up that joke all out of his own 
 head, and never let on to nobody. Well, I felt sheepish enough, 
 
 149 
 
