“Mars Jawge, if you’ll come down into de swamp, I’ll show 
 you a whole stack o’ water-moccasins.” 
 
 Thinks I, that’s mighty curious; he said that yesterday. He 
 oughter know a body don’t love water-moccasins enough to go 
 around hunting for them. What is he up to anyway? So I says: 
 
 “All right, trot ahead.” 
 
 I followed a half a mile, then he struck out over the swamp 
 and waded ankle deep as much as another half-mile. We come 
 to a little flat piece of land which was dry and very thick with 
 trees and bushes and vines, and he says: 
 
 “You shove right in dah, jist a few steps, Mars Jawge, dah’s 
 whah dey is. I’s seed’m befo’, I don’t k’yer to see ’em no mo’.” 
 
 Then he slopped right along and went away, and pretty soon 
 the trees hid him. I poked into the place a-ways, and come to a 
 little open patch as big as a bedroom, all hung around with vines, 
 and found a man laying there asleep—and by jings it was my 
 old Jim! 
 
 I waked him up, and I reckoned it was going to be a grand 
 surprise to him to see me again, but it warn’t. He nearly cried, 
 he was so glad, but he warn’t surprised. Said he swum along 
 behind me, that night, and heard me yell every time, but dasn’t 
 answer, because he didn’t want nobody to pick him up, and take 
 him into slavery again. Says he: 
 
 “I got hurt a little, en couldn’t swim fas’, so I wuz a considable 
 ways beliine you, towards de las’; when you landed I reck’ned I 
 could ketch up wid you on de lan’ ’doubt havin’ to shout at you, 
 but when I see dat house I begin to go slow. I ’uz off too fur to 
 hear what dey say to you—I wuz ’fraid o’ de dogs—but when it 
 ’uz all quiet agin, I knowed you’s in de house, so I struck out for 
 de woods to wait for day. Early in de mawnin’ some er de 
 niggers come along, gwyne to de fields, en dey tuck me en 
 showed me dis place, whah de dogs can’t track me on accounts 
 o’ de water, en dey brings me truck to eat every night, en tells 
 me how you’s a-gitt’n along.” 
 
 “Why didn’t you tell my Jack to fetch me here sooner, Jim?” 
 
 hi 
 
