and took one of the candles along, and listened under the 
 window-hole, and heard Jim snoring; so we pitched it in, and it 
 didn’t wake him. Then we whirled in with the pick and shovel, 
 and in about two hours and a half the job was done. We crept 
 in under Jim’s bed and into the cabin, and pawed around and 
 found the candle and lit it, and stood over Jim a while, and found 
 him looking hearty and healthy, and then we woke him up 
 gentle and gradual. He was so glad to see us he most cried; and 
 called us honey, and all the pet-names he could think of; and 
 was for having us hunt up a cold chisel to cut the chain off of his 
 leg with, right away, and clearing out without losing any time. 
 But Tom he showed him how unregular it would be, and set 
 down and told him all about our plans, and how we could alter 
 them in a minute any time there was an alarm; and not to be the 
 least afraid, because we would see he got away, sure. So Jim he 
 said it was all right, and we set there and talked over old times 
 a while, and then Tom asked a lot of questions, and when Jim 
 told him Uncle Silas come in every day or two to pray with 
 him, and Aunt Sally come in to see if he was comfortable and 
 had plenty to eat, and both of them was kind as they could be, 
 Tom says: 
 
 “Now I know how to fix it. We’ll send you some things by 
 them.” 
 
 I said, “Don’t do nothing of the kind; it’s one of the most 
 jackass ideas I ever struck”; but he never paid no attention to me; 
 went right on. It was his way when he’d got his plans set. 
 
 So he told Jim how we’d have to smuggle in the rope-ladder 
 pie, and other large things, by Nat, the nigger, that fed him, 
 and he must be on the look-out, and not be surprised, and not 
 let Nat see him open them; and we would put small things in 
 uncle’s coat pockets and he must steal them out; and we would 
 tie things to aunt’s apron strings or put them in her apron pocket, 
 if we got a chance; and told him what they would be and what 
 they was for. And told how to keep a journal on the shirt with 
 his blood, and all that. He told him everything. Jim he couldn’t 
 
 248 
 
