and Tom on the constant watch day and night, as I was a-telling 
 you, and not a one of us could catch hide nor hair, nor sight nor 
 sound of them; and here at the last minute, lo and behold you, 
 they slides right in under our noses, and fools us, and not only 
 fools as but the Injun Territory robbers too, and actuly gets away 
 with that nigger, safe and sound, and that with sixteen men and 
 twenty-two dogs right on their very heels at that very time! I 
 tell you, it just bangs anything I ever heard of. Why, sperits 
 couldn’t a done better, and been no smarter. And I reckon they 
 must a been sperits—because yon know our dogs, and ther’ ain’t 
 no better; well, them dogs never even got on the track of’m, 
 once! You explain that to me, if you can !—any of you!” 
 
 ‘‘Laws alive, I never-” 
 
 “So help me, I wouldn’t a be-” 
 
 “House -thieves as well as——” 
 
 “Goodnessgracioussakes, I’d a ben afeard to live in sich a-” 
 
 “’Fraid to live !—why, I was that scared I dasn’t hardly go to 
 bed, or get up, or lay down, or set down, Sister Ridgeway. 
 Why, they’d steal the very—why, goodness sakes, you can guess 
 what kind of a fluster I was in by the time midnight come, last 
 night. I hope to gracious if I warn’t afraid they’d steal some o’ 
 the family! I was just to that pass, I didn’t have no reasoning 
 faculties no more. It looks foolish enough, now, in the day-time; 
 but I says to myself, there’s my two poor boys asleep, ’way 
 upstairs in that lonesome room, and I declare to goodness I was 
 that uneasy ’t I crep’ up there and locked ’em in! I did. And any¬ 
 body would. Because, you know, when you get scared, that 
 way, and it keeps running on, and getting worse and worse, all 
 the time, and your wits gets to addling, and you get to doing all 
 sorts o’ wild things, and by and by you think to yourself, spos’n 
 I was a boy, and was away up there, and the door ain’t locked, 
 
 and you-” She stopped, looking kind of wondering, and 
 
 then she turned her head around slow, and when her eye lit on 
 me—I got up and took a walk. 
 
 Says I to myself, I can explain better how we come to not be 
 
 280 
 
