Tom says: 
 
 “It’s as simple as tit-tat-toe, three-in-a-row, and as easy as play¬ 
 ing hooky. I should hope we can find a way that’s a little more 
 complicated than that, Huck Finn.” 
 
 “Well, then,” I says, “how’ll it do to saw him out, the way I 
 done before I was murdered, that time?” 
 
 “That’s more like ,” he says. “It’s real mysterious, and trouble¬ 
 some, and good,” he says; “but I bet we can find a way that’s 
 twice as long. There ain’t no hurry; le’s keep on looking around.” 
 
 Betwixt the hut and the fence, on the back side, was a lean-to, 
 that joined the hut at the eaves, and was made out of plank. It 
 was as long as the hut, but narrow—only about six foot wide. 
 The door to it was at the south end. and was padlocked. Tom 
 he went to the soap kettle, and searched around and fetched back 
 the iron thing they lift the lid with; so he took it and prized out 
 one of the staples. The chain fell down, and we opened the door 
 and went in. and shut it, and struck a match, and see the shed 
 was only built against the cabin and hadn’t no connection with it; 
 and there warn’t no floor to the shed, nor nothing in it but some 
 old rusty played-out hoes, and spades, and picks, and a crippled 
 plow. The match went out, and so did we, and shoved in the 
 staple again, and the door was locked as good as ever. Tom was 
 joyful. He says: 
 
 “Now we’re all right. We’ll dig him out. It’ll take about a 
 week!” 
 
 Then we started for the house, and I went in the back door—■ 
 you only have to pull a buckskin latch-string, they don’t fasten 
 the doors—but that warn’t romantical enough for Tom Sawyer: 
 no way would do him but lie must climb up the lightning-rod. 
 But after he got up half-way about three times, and missed fire 
 and fell every time, and the last time most busted his brains out, 
 he thought he’d got to give it up; but after he was rested, he 
 allowed he would give her one more turn for luck, and this time 
 he made the trip. 
 
 In the morning we was up at break of day, and down to the 
 
 235 
 
