paddled out and got aboard—dumb in at an upstairs window. 
 But it was too dark to see yet, so we made the canoe fast and 
 set in her to wait for daylight. 
 
 The light begun to come before we got to the foot of the 
 island. Then we looked in at the window. We could make out 
 a bed, and a table, and two old chairs, and lots of things around 
 about on the floor; and there was clothes hanging against the 
 wall. There was something laying on the floor in the far corner 
 that looked like a man. So Jim says: 
 
 “Hallo, you!” 
 
 But it didn’t budge. So I hollered again, and then Jim says: 
 
 “De man ain’t asleep—he’s dead. You hold still—I’ll go en 
 see.” 
 
 He went and bent down and looked, and says: 
 
 “It’s a dead man. Yes, indeedy; naked, too. He’s ben shot in de 
 back. I reck’n he’s ben dead two er three days. Come in, Huck, 
 but doan’ look at his face—it’s too gashly.” 
 
 I didn’t look at him at all. Jim throwed some old rags over him, 
 but he needn’t done it; I didn’t want to see him. There was heaps 
 of old greasy cards scattered around over the floor, and old 
 whisky bottles, and a couple of masks made out of black cloth; 
 and all over the walls was the ignorantest kind of words and 
 pictures, made with charcoal. There was two old dirty calico 
 dresses, and a sun-bonnet, and some women’s underclothes, 
 hanging against the wall, and some men’s clothing, too. We put 
 the lot into the canoe; it might come good. There was a boy’s 
 old speckled straw hat on the floor; I took that too. And there 
 was a bottle that had had milk in it; and it had a rag stopper for 
 a baby to suck. We would a took the bottle, but it was broke. 
 There was a seedy old chest, and an old hair trunk with the 
 hinges broke. They stood open, but there warn’t nothing left in 
 them that was any account. The way things was scattered about, 
 we reckoned the people left in a hurry and warn’t fixed so as to 
 carry off most of their stuff. 
 
 We got an old tin lantern, and a butcher knife without any 
 
 50 
 
