go to bed and get up regular, and be for ever bothering over a 
 book and have old Miss Watson pecking at you all the time. I 
 didn’t want to go back no more. I had stopped cussing, because 
 the widow didn’t like it; but now I took to it again because pap 
 hadn’t no objections. It was pretty good times up in the woods 
 there, take it all around. 
 
 But by and by pap got too handy with his hick’ry, and I 
 couldn’t stand it. I was all over welts. He got to going away so 
 much, too, and locking me in. Once he locked me in and was 
 gone three days. It was dreadful lonesome. I judged he had got 
 drowned and I wasn’t ever going to get out any more. I was 
 scared. I made up my mind I would fix up some way to leave 
 there. I had tried to get out of that cabin many a time, but I 
 couldn’t find no way. There warn’t a window to it big enough 
 for a dog to get through. I couldn’t get up the chimbly, it was 
 too narrow. The door was thick solid oak slabs. Pap was pretty 
 careful not to leave a knife or anything in the cabin when he was 
 away; I reckon I had hunted the place over as much as a hundred 
 times; well, I was most all the time at it, because it was about the 
 only way to put in the time. But this time I found something 
 at last; I found an old rusty wood-saw without any handle; it 
 was laid in between a rafter and the clapboards of the roof. I 
 greased it up and went to work. There was an old horse-blanket 
 nailed against the logs at the far end of the cabin behind the table, 
 to keep the wind from blowing through the chinks and putting 
 the candle out. I got under the table and raised the blanket and 
 went to work to saw a section of the big bottom log out, big 
 enough to let me through. Well, it was a good long job, but 
 I was getting towards the end of it when I heard pap’s gun 
 in the woods. I got rid of the signs of my work, and dropped 
 the blanket and laid my saw, and pretty soon pap come in. 
 
 Pap warn’t in a good humour—so he was his natural self. He 
 said he was down to town, and everything was going wrong. 
 His lawyer said he reckoned he would win his lawsuit and get 
 the money, if they ever got started on the trial; but then there 
 
 H 
 
