bage. We split the ball open with the hatchet, and there was a 
 spool in it. Jim said he’d had it there a long time, to coat it over 
 so and make a ball of it. It was as big a fish as was ever catched 
 in the Mississippi, I reckon. Jim said he hadn’t ever seen a bigger 
 one. He would a been worth a good deal over at the village. 
 They peddle out such a fish as that by the pound in the market 
 house there; everybody buys some of him; his meat’s as white 
 as snow and makes a good fry. 
 
 Next morning I said it was getting slow and dull, and I wanted 
 to get a stirring up, some way. I said I reckoned I would slip over 
 the river and find out what was going on. Jim liked that notion; 
 but he said I must go in the dark and look sharp. Then he studied 
 it over and said, Couldn’t I put on some of them old things and 
 dress up like a girl? That was a good notion too. So we shortened 
 up one of the calico gowns and I turned up my trouser-legs to 
 my knees and got into it. Jim hitched it behind with the hooks 
 and it was a fair fit. I put on the sun-bonnet and tied it under my 
 chin, and then for a body to look in and see my face was like 
 looking down a joint of stove-pipe. Jim said nobody would know 
 me, even in the day-time, hardly. I practised around all day to get 
 the hang of the things, and by and by I could do pretty well in 
 them, only Jim said I didn’t walk like a girl; and he said I must 
 quit pulling up my gown to get at my britches pocket. I took 
 notice, and done better. 
 
 I started up the Illinois shore in the canoe just after dark. 
 
 I started across to the town from a little below the ferry land¬ 
 ing, and the drift of the current fetched me in at the bottom of 
 the town. I tied up and started along the bank. There was a light 
 burning in a little shanty that hadn’t been lived in for a long time, 
 and I wondered who had took up quarters there. I slipped up 
 and peeped in at the window. There was a woman about forty 
 year old in there, knitting by a candle that was on a pine table. 
 I didn’t know her face; she was a stranger, for you couldn’t start 
 a face in that town that I didn’t know. Now this was lucky, 
 because I was weakening; I was getting afraid I had come; people 
 
 54 
 
