fidgety. Miss Watson would say, ‘‘Don’t put your feet up there, 
 Huckleberry”; and “don’t scrunch up like that, Huckleberry— 
 set up straight”; and pretty soon she would say, “Don’t gap and 
 stretch like that, Huckleberry —-wiry don’t you try to behave?” 
 Then she told me all about the^ad place, and I said I wished X 
 was there. She got mad, then, but I didn’t mean no harm. All 
 I wanted was to go somewheres; all I wanted was a change, I 
 warn’t particular. She said it was wicked to say what I said; she 
 said she wouldn’t say it for the whole whole world; she was going 
 to live so as to go to the good place. Well, I couldn’t see no ad¬ 
 vantage in going where she was going, so I made up my mind I 
 wouldn’t try for it. But I never said so, because it would only 
 make trouble, and wouldn’t do no good. 
 
 Now she had got a start, and she went on and told me all about 
 the good place. She said all a body would have to do there was 
 to go around all day long with a harp and sing for ever and ever. 
 So I didn’t think much of it. But I never said so. I asked her if 
 she reckoned Tom Sawyer would go there, and she said, not by 
 a considerable sight. I was glad about that, because I wanted him 
 and me to be together. 
 
 MissWatson she kept pecking at me, and it got tiresome and 
 lonesome. By and by they fetched the niggers in and had prayers, 
 and then everybody was off to bed. I went up to my room with 
 a piece of candle and put it on the table. Then I set down in a 
 chair by the .window and tried to think of something cheerful, 
 but it wam’t no use. I felt so lonesome I most wished I was dead. 
 The stars was shining, and the leaves rustled in the woods ever so 
 mournful; and I heard an owl, away off, who-whooing about 
 somebody that was dead, and a whippowill and a dog crying 
 about somebody that was going to die; and the wind was trying 
 to whisper something to me and I couldn’t make out what it 
 was, and so it made the cold shivers run over me. Then away 
 out in the woods I heard that kind of a sound that a ghost makes 
 when it wants to tell about something that’s on its mind and 
 can’t make itself understood, and so can’t rest easy in its grave 
 
 3 
 
