CHAPTER Xn 
 
 it must a been close on to one o’clock when we got below the 
 island at last, and the raft did seem to go mighty slow. If a boat 
 was to come along, we was going to take to the canoe and break 
 for the Illinois shore; and it was well a boat didn’t come, for we 
 hadn’t ever thought to put the gun into the canoe, or a fishing- 
 line or anything to eat. We was in ruther too much of a sweat 
 to think of so many things. It warn’t good judgment to put 
 everything on the raft. 
 
 If the men went to the island, I just expect they found the camp 
 fire I built, and watched it all night for Jim to come. Anyways, 
 they stayed away from us, and if my building the fire never 
 fooled them it warn’t no fault of mine. I played it as low-down 
 on them as I could. 
 
 When the first streak of the day begun to show, we tied up to 
 a tow-head in a big bend on the Illinois side, and hacked off' 
 cotton-wood branches with the hatchet and covered up the raft 
 with them so she looked like there had been a cave-in in the 
 bank there. A tow-head is a sand-bar that has cotton-woods on 
 it as thick as harrow-teeth. 
 
 We had mountains on the Missouri shore and heavy timber 
 on the Illinois side, and the channel was down the Missouri shore 
 at that place, so we wam’t afraid of anybody running across us. 
 We laid there all day and watched the ratts and steamboats spin 
 down the Missouri shore, and up-bound steamboats fight the big 
 river in the middle. I told Jim all about the time I had jabbering 
 with that woman; and Jim said she was a smart one, and if she 
 was to start after us herself she wouldn’t set down and watch a 
 camp fire—no, sir, she’d fetch a dog. Well, then, I said, why 
 couldn’t she tell her husband to fetch a dog? Jim said he bet she 
 did think of it by the time the men was ready to start, and he 
 believed they must a gone up town to get a dog, and so they lost 
 all that time, or else we wouldn’t be here on a tow-head sixteen 
 
 63 
 
