“To the bitter death!” He took the old man by the hand and 
 squeezed it, and says, “The secret of your being: speak!” 
 
 “Bilgewater, I am the late Dauphin!” 
 
 You bet you Jim and me stared, this time. Then the duke says: 
 
 “You are what?” 
 
 “Yes, my friend, it is too true—your eyes is lookin’ at this very 
 moment on the pore disappeared Dauphin, Looy the Seventeen, 
 son of Looy the Sixteen and Marry Antonette.” 
 
 “You! At your age! No! You mean you’re the late Charle¬ 
 magne; you must be six or seven hundred years old, at the very 
 least.” 
 
 “Trouble has done it, Bilgewater, trouble has done it; trouble 
 has brung these grey hairs and this premature balditude. Yes, 
 gentlemen, you see before you, in blue j cans and misery, the 
 wanderin’, exiled, trampled-on, and sufferin’ rightful King of 
 France.” 
 
 Well, he cried and took on so, that me and Jim didn’t know 
 hardly what to do, we was so sorry—and so glad and proud we’d 
 got him with us, too. So we set in, like we done before with 
 the duke, and tried to comfort him. But he said it warn’t no use, 
 nothing but to be dead and done with it all could do him any 
 good; though he said it often made him feel easier and better for 
 a while if people treated him according to his rights, and got 
 down on one knee to speak to him, and always called him “Your 
 Majesty,” and waited on him first at meals, and didn’t set down 
 in his presence till he asked them. So Jim and me set to majestying 
 him, and doing this and that and t’other for him, and standing 
 up till he told us we might set down. This done him heaps of 
 good, and so he got cheerful and comfortable. But the duke kind 
 of soured on him, and didn’t look a bit satisfied with the way 
 tilings was going; still, the king acted real friendly towards him, 
 and said the duke’s great-grandfather and all the other Dukes of 
 Bilgewater was a good deal thought of by his father, and was 
 allowed to come to the palace considerable; but the duke stayed 
 huffy a good while, till by and by the king says: 
 
 124 
 
