CHAPTER XXVII 
 
 I crept to their doors and listened; they was snoring, so I tiptoed 
 along, and got downstairs all right. There warn’t a sound any¬ 
 wheres. I peeped through a crack of the dining-room door, and 
 see the men that was watching the corpse all sound asleep on 
 their chairs. The door was open into the parlour, where the 
 corpse was laying, and there was a candle in both rooms. I passed 
 along, and the parlour door was open; but I see there warn’t 
 nobody in there but the remainders of Peter; so I shoved on by; 
 but the front door was locked, and the key wasn’t there. Just 
 then I heard somebody coming down the stairs, back behind me. 
 I run in the parlour, and took a swift look around, and the only 
 place I see to hide the bag was in the coffin. The lid was shoved 
 along about a foot, showing the dead man’s face down in there, 
 with a wet cloth over it, and his shroud on. I tucked the money¬ 
 bag in under the lid, just down beyond where his hands was 
 crossed, which made me creep, they was so cold, and then I run 
 back across the room and in behind the door. 
 
 The person coming was Mary Jane. She went to the coffin, 
 very soft, and kneeled down and looked in; then she put up her 
 handkerchief and I see she begun to cry, though I couldn’t hear 
 her, and her back was to me. I slid out, and as I passed the dining¬ 
 room I thought I’d make sure them watchers hadn’t seen me; so 
 I looked through the crack and everything was all right. They 
 hadn’t stirred. 
 
 I slipped up to bed, feeling ruther blue, on accounts of the 
 thing playing out that way after I had took so much trouble and 
 run so much resk about it. Says I, if it could stay where it is, all 
 right; because when we get down the river a hundred mile or 
 two, I could write back to Mary Jane, and she could dig him 
 up again and get it; but that ain’t the thing that’s going to happen; 
 the thing that’s going to happen is, the money’ll be found when 
 they come to screw on the lid. Then the king’ll get it again, and 
 
 179 
 
