I says “yes”; and him and some others laughed, and said, 
 “Stuff!” 
 
 Well, then they sailed in on the general investigation, and 
 there we had it, up and down, hour in, hour out, and nobody 
 never said a word about supper, nor ever seemed to think about 
 it—and so they kept it up, and kept it up; and it was the worst 
 mixed-up thing you ever see. They made the king tell his yarn, 
 and they made the old gentleman tell his’n; and anybody but a 
 lot of prejudiced chuckleheads would a seen that the old gentle¬ 
 man was spinning truth and t’other one lies. And by and by they 
 had me up to tell what I knowed. The king he give me a left- 
 handed look out of the corner of his eye, and so I knowed enough 
 to talk on the right side. I begun to tell about Sheffield, and how 
 we lived there, and all about the English Wilkses, and so on; 
 but I didn’t get pretty fur till the doctor begun to laugh; and 
 Levi Bell, the lawyer, says: 
 
 “Set down, my boy, I wouldn’t strain myself, if I was you. 
 I reckon you ain’t used to lying, it don’t seem to come handy; 
 what you want is practice. You do it pretty awkward.” 
 
 I didn’t care nothing for the compliment, but I was glad to be 
 let off, anyway. 
 
 The doctor he started to say something, and turns and says: 
 
 “If you’d been in town at first, Levi Bell-” 
 
 The king broke in and reached out his hand, and says: 
 
 “Why, is this my poor dead brother’s old friend that he’s wrote 
 so often about?” 
 
 The lawyer and him shook hands, and the lawyer smiled and 
 looked pleased, and they talked right along awhile, and then got to 
 one side and talked low; and at last the lawyer speaks up and says: 
 
 “That’ll fix it. I’ll take the order and send it, along with your 
 brother’s, and then they’ll know it’s all right.” 
 
 So they got some paper and a pen, and the king he set down 
 and twisted his head to one side, and chawed his tongue, and 
 scrawled off something; and then they give the pen to the duke 
 —and then for the first time, the duke looked sick. But he took 
 
 199 
 
