to say there was twenty or thirty thousand people in St. Louis, 
 but I never believed it till I see that wonderful spread of lights 
 at two o’clock that still night. There warn’t a sound there; 
 everybody was asleep. 
 
 We come to understand the River by seeing it through the eyes 
 of the Boy; but the Boy is also the spirit of the River. Huckle¬ 
 berry Finn, like other great works of imagination, can give to 
 every reader whatever he is capable of taking from it. On the 
 most superficial level of observation, Huck is convincing as a 
 boy. On the same level, the picture of social life on the shores of 
 the Mississippi a hundred years ago is, I feel sure, accurate. On 
 any level, Mark Twain makes you see the River, as it is and was 
 and always will be, more clearly than the author of any other 
 description of a river known to me. But you do not merely sec 
 the River, you do not merely become acquainted with it through 
 the senses: you experience the River. Mark Twain, in his later 
 years of success and fame, referred to his early life as a steamboat 
 pilot as the happiest he had known. With all allowance for the 
 illusions of age, we can agree that those years were the years in 
 which he was most fully alive. Certainly, but for his having 
 practised that calling, earned his living by that profession, he 
 would never have gained the understanding which his genius for 
 expression communicates in this book. In the pilot’s daily struggle 
 with the River, in the satisfaction of activity, in the constant 
 attention to the River’s unpredictable vagaries, his consciousness 
 was fully occupied, and he absorbed knowledge of which, as an 
 artist, he later made use. There are, perhaps, only two ways in 
 which a writer can acquire the understanding of environment 
 which he can later turn to account: by having spent his childhood 
 in that environment—that is, living in it at a period of life in which 
 one experiences much more than one is aware of; and by having 
 had to struggle for a livelihood in that environment—a liveli¬ 
 hood bearing no direct relation to any intention of writing about 
 it, of using it as literary material. Most of Joseph Conrad’s under¬ 
 standing came to him in the latter way. Mark Twain knew the 
 
 xiv 
 
