is kings, and you got to make allowances. Take them all around, 
 they’re a mighty ornery lot. It’s the way they’re raised.” 
 
 “But dis one do smell so like de nation, Huck.” 
 
 “Well, they all do, Jim. We can’t help the way a king smells; 
 history don’t tell no way.” 
 
 “Now de duke, he’s a tolerble likely man, in some ways.” 
 
 “Yes, a duke’s different. But not very different. This one’s a 
 middling hard lot for a duke. When he’s drunk, there ain’t no 
 near-sighted man could tell him from a king.” 
 
 “Well, anyways, I doan’ hanker for no mo’ un um, Huck. 
 Dese is all I kin stan’.” 
 
 “It’s the way I feel, too, Jim. But we’ve got them on our 
 hands, and we got to remember what they are, and make allow¬ 
 ances. Sometimes I wish we could hear of a country that’s out of 
 kings.” 
 
 What was the use to tell Jim these warn’t real kings and dukes? 
 It wouldn’t a done no good; and besides, it was just as I said; 
 you couldn’t tell them from the real kind. 
 
 I went to sleep, and Jim didn’t call me when it was my turn. 
 He often done that. When I waked up, just at daybreak, he was 
 setting there with Ids head down betwixt his knees, moaning and 
 mourning to himself. I didn’t take notice, nor let on. I knowed 
 what it was about. He was thinking about his wife and his 
 children, away up yonder, and he was low and homesick; because 
 he hadn’t ever been away from home before in his life; and I do 
 believe he cared just as much for his people as white folks does for 
 ther’n. It don’t seem natural, but I reckon it’s so. He was often 
 moaning and mourning that way, nights, when he judged I was 
 asleep, and saying, “Po’ little ’Lizabeth! po’ little Johnny! it’s 
 mighty hard; I spec’ I ain’t ever gwyne to see you no mo’, no 
 mo’!” He was a mighty good nigger, Jim was. 
 
 But this time I somehow got to talking to him about his wife 
 and young ones; and by and by he says: 
 
 “What makes me feel so bad dis time, ’uz bekase I hear sumpn 
 over yonder on de bank like a whack, er a slam, while ago, en it 
 
 155 
 
