to always whale me when he was sober and could get his hands 
 me; though I used to take to tire woods most of the time win 
 he was around. Well, about this time he was found in the rivet 
 drowned, about twelve mile above town, so people said. They 
 judged it was him, anyway; said this drowned man was just his 
 size, and was ragged, and had uncommon long hair—which was 
 all like pap—but they couldn't make nothing out of the face, 
 because it had been in die water so long it wam’t much like a 
 iace at all. They said he was floating on his back in die water. 
 They took him and buried him on the bank. But I wam’t com¬ 
 fortable long, because I happened to think of something. I 
 knowed mighty 7 well that a drownded man don’t float on his 
 back, but on his face. So I knowed, then, that this wam’t pap, 
 but a woman dressed up in a man’s clodies. So I was uncomfort¬ 
 able again. I judged die old man would turn up again by 7 and by, 
 though I wished he wouldn’t. 
 
 We played robbers now and then about a mondi, and then 1 
 resigned. All die boys did. We hadn’t robbed nobody, we hadn’t 
 killed any 7 people, but only 7 just pretended. We used to hop out 
 of the woods and go charging down on hog-drovers and women 
 in carts taking garden stuff to market, but we never hived any 
 of them. Tom Sawyer called the hogs “ingots,"’ and he called 
 the turnips and stuff “j ulery," and we would go to the cave and 
 pow-wow over what we had done and how many people we 
 had killed and marked. But I couldn’t see no profit in it. One 
 time Tom sent a boy 7 to run about town with a blazing stick, 
 which he called a slogan (which was the sign for the Gang to 
 get together), and then he said he had got secret news by his 
 spies that next day 7 a whole parcel of Spanish merchants and rich 
 A-rabs was going to camp in Cave Hollow with two hundred 
 elephants, and six hundred camels, and over a thousand “sumter ' 
 mules, all loaded down with di’monds, and they didn’t have only 7 
 a guard of four hundred soldiers, and so we would lay 7 in ambus¬ 
 cade, as he called it, and kill the lot and scoop the things. He said 
 we must slick up our swords and guns, and get ready. He never 
 
 12 
 
