As we went by our house I wished I hadn’t sent Mary Jane out 
 of town; because now if I could tip her the wink, she’d light out 
 and save me, and blow on our dead-beats. 
 
 Well, we swarmed along down the river road, just carrying 
 on like wild-cats; and to make it more scary, the sky was darking 
 up, and the lightning beginning to wink and flitter, and the wind 
 to shiver amongst the leaves. This was the most awful trouble 
 and most dangersome I ever was in; and I was kinder stunned; 
 everything was going so different from what I had allowed for; 
 ’stead of being fixed so I could take my own time, if I wanted to, 
 and see all the fun, and have Mary Jane at my back to save me 
 and set me free when the close-fit come, here was nothing in the 
 world betwixt me and sudden death but just them tattoo-marks. 
 If they didn’t find them- 
 
 I couldn’t bear to think about it; and yet, somehow, I couldn’t 
 think about nothing else. It got darker and darker, and it was a 
 beautiful time to give the crowd the slip; but that big husky had 
 me by the wrist—Hines—and a body might as well try to give 
 Goliar the slip. He dragged me right along, he was so excited; 
 and I had to run to keep up. 
 
 When they got there they swarmed into the graveyard and 
 washed over it like an overflow. And when they got to the grave, 
 they found they had about a hundred times as many shovels as 
 they wanted, but nobody hadn’t thought to fetch a lantern. But 
 they sailed into digging, anyway, by the flicker of the lightning, 
 and sent a man to the nearest house a half a mile off, to borrow 
 one. 
 
 So they dug and dug, like everything; and it got awful dark, 
 and the rain started, and the wind swished and swushed along, 
 and the lightning come brisker and brisker, and the thunder 
 boomed; but them people never took no notice of it, they was so 
 full of this business; and one minute you could see everything 
 and every face in that big crowd, and the shovelfuls of dirt sailing 
 up out of the grave, and the next second the dark wiped it all 
 out, and you couldn’t see nothing at all. 
 
 203 
 
