“Look sharp, now; the current sets in the closest here, and 
 maybe he’s washed ashore and got tangled amongst the brush 
 at the water’s edge. I hope so, anyway.” 
 
 I didn’t hope so. They all crowded up and leaned over the rails 
 nearly in my face, and kept still, watching with all their might. 
 I could see them first-rate, but they couldn’t see me. Then the 
 captain sung out: 
 
 “Stand away!” and the cannon let off such a blast right before 
 me that it made me deef with the noise and pretty near blind 
 with the smoke, and I judged I was gone. If they’d a had some 
 bullets in, I reckon they’d a got the corpse they was after. Well, 
 I see I warn’t hurt, thanks to goodness. The boat floated on and 
 went out of sight around the shoulder of the island. I could hear 
 the booming, now and then, further and further off, and by and 
 by after an hour, I didn’t hear it no more. The island was three 
 mile long. I judged they had got to the foot, and was giving it 
 up. But they didn’t yet awhile. They turned around the foot of 
 the island and started up the channel on the Missouri side, under 
 steam, and booming once in a while as they went. I crossed over 
 to that side and watched them. When they got abreast the head 
 of the island they quit shooting and dropped over to the Missouri 
 shore and went home to the town. 
 
 I knowed I was all right now. Nobody else would come 
 a-hunting after me. I got my traps out of the canoe and made 
 me a nice camp in the thick woods. I made a kind of a tent out 
 of my blankets to put my things under so the rain couldn’t get 
 at them. I catched a cat-fish and haggled him open with my saw, 
 and towards sundown I started my camp fire and had supper. 
 Then I set out a line to catch some fish for breakfast. 
 
 When it was dark I set by my camp fire smoking, and feeling 
 pretty satisfied; but by and by it gotsortoflonesome,andso I went 
 and set on the bank and listened to the currents washing along, 
 and counted the stars and drift-logs and rafts that come down, 
 and then went to bed; there ain’t no better way to put in time 
 when you are lonesome; you can’t stay so, you soon get over it. 
 
 38 
 
