bother no more about me. All right; I can stop anywhere I want 
 to. Jackson’s Island is good enough for me; I know that island 
 pretty well, and nobody ever comes there. And then I can 
 paddle over to town, nights, and slink around and pick up 
 tilings I want. Jackson’s Island’s the place. 
 
 I was pretty tired, and the first thing I knowed, I was asleep. 
 When I woke up I didn’t know where I was, for a minute. I set 
 up and looked around, a little scared. Then I remembered. The 
 river looked miles and miles across. The moon was so bright I 
 could a counted the drift logs that went a-slipping along, black 
 and still, hundreds of yards out from shore. Everything was dead 
 quiet, and it looked late, and smelt late. You know what I mean 
 —I don’t know the words to put it in. 
 
 I took a good gap and a stretch, and was just going to unhitch 
 and start, when I heard a sound away over the water. I listened. 
 Pretty soon I made it out. It was that dull kind of a regular sound 
 that comes from oars working in rowlocks when it’s a still night. 
 I peeped out through the willow branches, and there it was—a 
 skiff, away across the water. I couldn’t tell how many was in it. 
 It kept a-coming, and when it was abreast of me I see there 
 warn’t but one man in it. Thinks I, maybe it’s pap, though I 
 warn’t expecting him. He dropped below me, with the current, 
 and by and by he come a-swinging up shore in the easy water, 
 and he went by so close I could a reached out the gun and touched 
 him. Well, it ivas pap, sure enough—and sober, too, by the way 
 he laid to his oars. 
 
 I didn’t lose no time. The next minute I was a-spinning down 
 stream soft but quick in the shade of the bank. I made two mile 
 and a half, and then struck out a quarter of a mile or more 
 towards the middle of the river, because pretty soon I would 
 be passing the ferry landing and people might see me and hail me. 
 I got out amongst the drift-wood and then laid down in the 
 bottom of the canoe and let her float. I laid there and had a good 
 rest and a smoke out of my pipe, looking away into the sky, not 
 a cloud in it. The sky looks ever so deep when you lay down on 
 
 34 
 
