for working them towns. Jim he spoke to the duke, and said he 
 hoped it wouldn’t take but a few hours, because it got mighty 
 heavy and tiresome to him when he had to lay all day in the 
 wigwam tied with the rope. You see, when we left him all alone 
 we had to tie him, because if anybody happened on him all by 
 himself and not tied, it wouldn’t look much like he was a run¬ 
 away nigger, you know. So the duke said it was kind of hard to 
 have to lay roped all day, and he’d cipher out some way to get 
 around it. 
 
 He was uncommon bright, the duke was, and he soon struck 
 it. He dressed Jim up in King Lear’s outfit—it was a long curtain- 
 calico gown, and a white horse-hair wig and whiskers; and then 
 he took his theatre-paint and painted Jim’s face and hands and 
 ears and neck all over a dead dull solid blue, like a man that’s been 
 drownded nine days. Blamed if he warn’t the horriblest looking 
 outrage I ever see. Then the duke took and wrote out a sign on 
 a shingle so— 
 
 Sick Arab—but harmless when not out of his head. 
 
 And he nailed that shingle to a lath, and stood the lath up four 
 or five foot in front of the wigwam. Jim was satisfied. He said 
 it was a sight better than laying tied a couple of years every day 
 and trembling all over every time there was a sound. The duke 
 told him to make himself free and easy, and if anybody ever 
 come meddling around, he must hop out of the wigwam, and 
 carry on a little, and fetch a howl or two like a wild beast, and 
 he reckoned they would light out and leave him alone. Which 
 was sound enough judgment; but you take the average man, and 
 he wouldn’t wait for him to howl. Why, he didn’t only look like 
 he was dead, he looked considerable more than that. 
 
 These rapscallions wanted to try the Nonesuch again, because 
 there was so much money in it, but they judged it wouldn’t be 
 safe, because maybe the news might a worked along down by 
 this time. They couldn’t hit no project that suited, exactly; so 
 at last the duke said he reckoned he’d lay off and work his brains 
 
 157 
 
