soberer; so I went a-loafing around town to put in the time, and 
 wait. A man up and offered me ten cents to help him pull a skiff 
 over the river and back to fetch a sheep, and so I went along; but 
 when we was dragging him to the boat, and the man left me 
 aholt of the rope and went behind him to shove him along, he 
 was too strong for me, and jerked loose and run, and we after 
 him. We didn’t have no dog, and so we had to chase him all over 
 the country till we tired him out. We never got him till dark, 
 then we fetched him over, and I started down for the raft. When 
 I got there and see it was gone, I says to myself, ‘They’ve got into 
 trouble and had to leave; and they’ve took my nigger, which is 
 the only nigger I’ve got in the world, and now I’m in a strange 
 country, and ain’t got no property no more, nor nothing, and 
 no way to make my living’; so I set down and cried. I slept in 
 the woods all night. But what did become of the raft then?— 
 and Jim, poor Jim!” 
 
 “Blamed if I know—that is, what’s become of the raft. That 
 old fool had made a trade and got forty dollars, and when we 
 found him in the doggery the loafers had matched half-dollars 
 with him and got every cent but what he’d spent for whisky; 
 and when I got him home late last night and found the raft gone, 
 we said, ‘that little rascal has stole our raft and shook us, and run 
 off down the river.’ ” 
 
 “I wouldn’t shake my nigger, would I?—the only nigger I had 
 in the world, and the only property.” 
 
 “We never thought of that. Fact is, I reckon we’d come to 
 consider him our nigger; yes, we did consider him so—goodness 
 knows we had trouble enough for him. So when we see the raft 
 was gone, and we flat broke, there warn’t anything for it but to 
 try the Royal Nonesuch another shake. And I’ve begged along 
 ever since, dry as a powder-horn. Where’s that ten cents? Give it 
 here.” 
 
 I had considerable money, so I give him ten cents, but begged 
 him to spend it for something to eat, and give me some, because 
 it was all the money I had, and I hadn’t had nothing to eat since 
 
 216 
 
