the middle of the mantelpiece, with a picture of a town painted 
 on the bottom half of the glass front, and a round place in the 
 middle of it for the sun, and you could see the pendulum swing 
 behind it. It was beautiful to hear that clock tick; and sometimes 
 when one of these pedlars had been along and scoured her up 
 and got her in good shape, she would start in and strike a hun¬ 
 dred and fifty before she got tuckered out. They wouldn’t took 
 any money for her. 
 
 Well, there was a big outlandish parrot on each side of the 
 clock, made out of something like chalk, and painted up gaudy. 
 By one of the parrots was a cat made of crockery, and a crockery 
 dog by the other; and when you pressed down on them they 
 squeaked, but didn’t open their mouths nor look different nor 
 interested. They squeaked through underneath. There was a 
 couple of big wild-turkey-wing fans spread out behind those 
 things. On a table in the middle of the room was a kind of a 
 lovely crockery basket that had apples and oranges and peaches 
 and grapes piled up in it, which was much redder and yellower 
 and prettier than real ones is, but they warn’t real because you 
 could see where pieces had got chipped off and showed the 
 white chalk or whatever it was, underneath. 
 
 This table had a cover made out of beautiful oil-cloth, with a 
 red and blue spread-eagle painted on it, and a painted border all 
 around. It come all the way from Philadelphia, they said. There 
 was some books too, piled up perfectly exact, on each corner of 
 the table. One was a big family Bible, full of pictures. One was 
 Pilgrim’s Progress, about a man that left his family it didn’t say 
 why. I read considerable in it now and then. The statements was 
 interesting, but tough. Another was Friendship’s Offering, full of 
 beautiful stuff and poetry; but I didn’t read the poetry. Another 
 was Henry Clay’s Speeches, and another was Dr. Gunn’s Family 
 Medicine, which told you all about what to do if a body was sick 
 or dead. There was a Hymn Book, and a lot of other books. 
 And there was nice split-bottom chairs, and perfectly sound, too 
 —not bagged down in the middle and busted, like an old basket. 
 
 ioo 
 
