mar} the sweeps, and set her loose! Boys, we done it elegant!— 
 ’deed we did. I wish ive’d a had the handling of Louis XVI, there 
 wouldn’t a been no “Son of Saint Louis, ascend to heaven!” 
 wrote down in his biography: no, sir, we’d a whooped him over 
 the border —that’s what we’d a done with him —and done it just 
 as shck as nothing at all, too. Man the sweeps—man the sweeps!” 
 
 But me and Jim was consulting—and drinking. And after 
 we’d thought a minute, I says: 
 
 “Say it, Jim.” 
 
 So he says: 
 
 “Well, den, dis is de way it look to me, Huck. Ef it wuz him 
 dat ’uz bein’ sot free, en one er de boys wuz to git shot, would 
 he say, ‘Go on en save me, nemmine ’bout a doctor f’r to save dis 
 one’? Is dat like Mars Tom Sawyer? Would he say dat? You bet 
 he wouldn’t! Well, den, is Jim gwyne to say it? No, sah—I doan’ 
 budge a step out’n dis place, ’dout a doctor ; not if it’s forty year!” 
 
 I knowed he was white inside, and I reckoned he’d say what ^ 
 he did say—so it was all right, now, and I told Tom I was a-going 
 for a doctor. He raised considerable row about it, but me and 
 Jim stuck to it and wouldn’t budge; so he was for crawling out 
 and setting the raft loose himself; but we wouldn’t let him. Then 
 he give us a piece of his mind—but it didn’t do no good. 
 
 So when he sees me getting the canoe ready, he says: 
 
 “Well, then, if you’re bound to go, I’ll tell you the way to 
 do, when you get to the village. Shut the door, and blindfold the 
 doctor tight and fast, and make him swear to be silent as the 
 grave, and put a purse full of gold in his hand, and then take and 
 lead him all around the back alleys and everywheres, in the dark, 
 and then fetch him here in the canoe, in a roundabout way 
 amongst the islands, and search him, and take his chalk away 
 from him, and don’t give it back to him till you get him back 
 to the village, or else he will chalk this raft so he can fmd it again. 
 It’s the way they all do.” 
 
 So I said I would, and left, and Jim was to hide in the woods 
 when he see the doctor coming, till he was gone again. 
 
 275 
 
