judged she’d give it up and offer to kill anybody that wanted her 
 to ever count them any more. 
 
 So we put the sheet back on the line, that night, and stole one 
 out of her closet: and kept on putting it back and stealing it 
 again, for a couple of days, till she didn’t know how many sheets 
 she had, any more, and said she didn’t care, and warn’t a-going 
 to bullyrag the rest of her soul out about it, and wouldn’t count 
 them again not to save her life, she druther die first. 
 
 So we was all right now, as to the shirt and the sheet and the 
 spoon and the candles, by the help of the calf and the rats and 
 the mixed-up counting; and as to the candlestick, it warn’t no 
 consequence, it would blow over by and by. 
 
 But that pie was a job; we had no end of trouble with that pie. 
 We fixed it up away down in the woods, and cooked it there; 
 and we got it done at last, and very satisfactory, too; but not all 
 in one day; and we had to use up three wash-pans full of flour, 
 before we got through, and we got burnt pretty much all over, 
 in places, and eyes put out with the smoke; because, you see we 
 didn’t want nothing but a crust, and we couldn’t prop it up right, 
 and she would always cave in. But of course we thought of the 
 right way at last; which was to cook the ladder, too, in the pie. 
 So then we laid in with Jim, the second night, and tore up the 
 sheet all in little strings, and twisted them together, and long 
 before daylight we had a lovely rope, that you could a hung a 
 person with. We let on it took nine months to make it. 
 
 And in the forenoon we took it down to the woods, but it 
 wouldn’t go in the pie. Being made of a whole sheet, that way, 
 there was rope enough for forty pies, if we’d a wanted them, and 
 plenty left over for soup, or sausage, or anything you choose. 
 We could a had a whole dinner. 
 
 But we didn’t need it. All we needed was just enough for the 
 pie, and so we thro wed the rest away. We didn’t cook none of 
 the pies in the washpan, afraid the solder would melt; but Uncle 
 Silas he had a noble brass warming-pan which he thought con¬ 
 siderable of, because it belonged to one of his ancestors with a 
 
 256 
 
