the old man, and he took what was left. And after they got a 
 little quiet again, she says: 
 
 ‘Why, dear me, I never see such a surprise.We warn’t looking 
 for you, at all, but only Tom. Sis never wrote to me about 
 anybody coming but him.” 
 
 “It’s because it warn’t intended for any of us to come but Tom,” 
 he says; “but I begged and begged, and at the last minute she let 
 me come, too; so, coming down the river, me and Tom thought 
 it would be a first-rate surprise for him to come here to the house 
 first, and for me to by and by tag along and drop in and let on 
 to be a stranger. But it was a mistake, Aunt Sally. Tins ain’t no 
 healthy place for a stranger to come.” 
 
 “No—not impudent whelps, Sid. You ought to had your jaws 
 boxed; I haint been so put out since I don’t know when. But I 
 don’t care, I don’t mind the terms—I’d be willing to stand a 
 thousand such jokes to have you here. Well, to think of that 
 performance! I don’t deny it, I was most putrified with astonish¬ 
 ment when you give me that smack.” 
 
 We had dinner out in that broad open passage betwixt the 
 house and the kitchen; and there was things enough on that table 
 for seven families—and all hot, too; none of your flabby tough 
 meat that’s laid in a cupboard in a damp cellar all night and tastes 
 like a hunk of cold cannibal in the morning. Uncle Silas he asked 
 a pretty long blessing over it, but it was worth it; and it didn’t 
 cool it a bit, neither, the way I’ve seen them kind of interruptions 
 do, lots of times. 
 
 There was a considerable good deal of talk, all the afternoon, 
 and me and Tom was on the look-out all the time, but it warn’t 
 no use, they didn’t happen to say nothing about any runaway 
 nigger, and we was afraid to try to work up to it. But at supper, 
 at night, one of the little boys says: 
 
 “Pa, mayn’t Tom and Sid and me go to the show?” 
 
 “No,” says the old man, “I reckon there ain’t going to be any; 
 and you couldn’t go if there was; because the runaway nigger 
 told Burton and me all about that scandalous show, and Burton 
 
 230 
 
