so you just put twenty miles between us, that’s a good boy. It 
 wouldn’t do any good to land yonder where the light is—it’s only 
 a wood-yard. Say—I reckon your father’s poor, and I’m bound 
 to say he’s in pretty hard luck. Here—I’ll put a twenty dollar gold 
 piece on this board, and you get it when it floats by. I feel mighty 
 mean to leave you, but my kingdom! it won’t do to fool with 
 smallpox, don’t you see?” 
 
 “Hold on, Parker,” says the other man, “here’s a twenty to 
 put on the board for me. Good-bye, boy, you do as Mr. Parker 
 told you, and you’ll be all right.” 
 
 “That’s so, my boy—good-bye, good-bye. If you see any run¬ 
 away niggers, you get help and nab them, and you can make 
 some money by it.” 
 
 “Good-bye, sir,” says I, “I won’t let no runaway niggers get 
 by me if I can help it.” 
 
 They went off and I got aboard the raft, feeling bad and low, 
 because I knowed very well I had done wrong, and I see it 
 wam’t no use for me to try to learn to do right; a body that 
 don’t get started right when he’s little, ain’t got no show—when 
 the pinch comes there ain’t nothing to back him up and keep him 
 to his work, and so he gets beat. Then I thought a minute, and 
 says to myself, hold on—s’pose you’d a done right and give Jim 
 up: would you felt better than what you do now? No, says I, 
 I’d feel bad—I’d feel just the same way I do now. Well, then, 
 says I, what’s the use you learning to do right, when it’s trouble¬ 
 some to do right and ain’t no trouble to do wrong, and the 
 wages is just the same? I was stuck. I couldn’t answer that. So I 
 reckoned I wouldn’t bother no more about it, but after this 
 always do whichever come handiest at the time. 
 
 I went into the wigwam; Jim warn’t there. I looked all around; 
 he warn’t anywhere. I says: 
 
 <t T * 
 
 Jim! 
 
 “Here I is, Huck. Is dey out o’ sight yit? Don’t talk loud.” 
 
 He was in the river, under the stern oar, with just his nose out. 
 I told him they was out of sight, so he come aboard. He says: 
 
 9i 
 
