times before he lets up. Then the king says, “I knowed it; I 
 reckon that’ll convince anybody the way he feels about it. Here, 
 Mary Jane, Susan, Joanner, take the money—take it all. It’s the 
 gift of him that lays yonder, cold but joyful.” 
 
 Mary Jane she went for him, Susan and the hare-lip went for 
 the duke, and then such another hugging and kissing I never see 
 yet. And everybody crowded up with the tears in their eyes, and 
 most shook the hands off of them frauds, saying all the time: 
 
 “You dear good souls!—how lovely !—how could you!” 
 
 Well, then, pretty soon all hands got to talking about the dis¬ 
 eased again, and how good he was, and what a loss he was, and 
 all that; and before long a big iron-jawed man worked himself 
 in there from outside, and stood a-listening and looking, and not 
 saying anything; and nobody saying anything to him either, 
 because the king was talking and they was all busy listening. The 
 king was saying—in the middle of something he’d started in on— 
 
 “—they bein’ partickler friends o’ the diseased. That’s why 
 they’re invited here this evenin’; but to-morrow we want all to 
 come—everybody; for he respected everybody, he liked every¬ 
 body, and so it’s fitten that his funeral orgies sh’d be public.” 
 
 And so he went a-mooning on and on, liking to hear himself 
 talk, and every little while he fetched in his funeral orgies again, 
 till the duke he couldn’t stand it no more; so he writes on a little 
 scrap of paper, “ obsequies , you old fool,” and folds it up and goes 
 to goo-gooing and reaching it over people’s heads to him. The 
 king he reads it, and puts it in his pocket, and says: 
 
 “Poor William, afflicted as he is, his heart’s aluz right. Asks me 
 to invite everybody to come to the funeral—wants me to make 
 ’em all welcome. But he needn’t a worried—it was jest what I 
 was at.” 
 
 Then he weaves along again, perfectly calm, and goes to drop¬ 
 ping in his funeral orgies again every now and then, just like he 
 done before. And when he done it the third time, he says: 
 
 “I say orgies, not because it’s the common term, because it 
 ain’t—obsequies bein’ the common term—but because orgies is 
 
 168 
 
