Then I set to thinking over how to get at it, and turned over 
 considerable many ways in my mind; and at last fixed up a plan 
 that suited me. So then I took the bearings of a woody island that 
 was down the river a piece, and as soon as it was fairly dark I 
 crept out with my raft and went for it, and hid it there, and then 
 turned in. I slept the night through, and got up before it was 
 light, and had my breakfast, and put on my store clothes, and 
 tied up some others and one thing or another in a bundle, and 
 took the canoe and cleared for shore. I landed below where I 
 judged was Phelps’s place, and hid my bundle in the woods, and 
 then filled up the canoe with water, and loaded rocks into her 
 and sunk her where I could find her again when I wanted her, 
 about a quarter of a mile below a little steam sawmill that was 
 on the bank. 
 
 Then I struck up the road, and when I passed the mill I see 
 a sign on it, “Phelps’s Sawmill,” and when I come to the farm¬ 
 houses, two or three hundred yards further along, I kept my eyes 
 peeled, but didn’t see nobody around, though it was good day¬ 
 light, now. But I didn’t mind, because I didn’t want to see 
 nobody just yet—I only wanted to get the lay of the land. 
 According to my plan, I was going to turn up there from the 
 village, not from below. So I just took a look, and shoved along, 
 straight for town. Well, the very first man I see, when I got 
 there, was the duke. He was sticking up a bill for the Royal 
 Nonesuch—three-night performance—like that other time. They 
 had the cheek, them frauds! I was right on him, before I could 
 shirk. He looked astonished, and says: 
 
 “Hal-/o! Were’d you come from?” Then he says, kind of glad 
 and eager, “Where’s the raft?—got her in a good place?” 
 
 I says: 
 
 “Why, that’s just what I was a-going to ask your grace.” 
 
 Then he didn’t look so joyful—and says: 
 
 “What was your idea for asking me?” he says. 
 
 “Well,” I says, “when I see the king in that doggery yester¬ 
 day, I says to myself, we can’t get him home for hours, till lie’s 
 
 215 
 
