whole world lit up. In St. Petersburg they used to say there was 
 twenty or thirty thousand people in St. Louis, but I never be¬ 
 lieved it till I see that wonderful spread of lights at two o’clock 
 that still night. There warn’t a sound there; everybody was 
 asleep. 
 
 Every night, now, I used to slip ashore, towards ten o’clock, 
 at some little village, and buy ten or fifteen cents’ worth of meal 
 or bacon or other stuff to eat; and sometimes I lifted a chicken 
 that wam’t roosting comfortable, and took him along. Pap 
 always said, take a chicken when you get a chance, because if 
 you don’t want him yourself you can easy find somebody that 
 does, and a good deed ain’t ever forgot. I never see pap when he 
 didn’t want the chicken himself, but that is what he used to say, 
 anyway. 
 
 Mornings, before daylight, I slipped into corn-fields and bor¬ 
 rowed a watermelon, or a mushmelon, or a punkin, or some new 
 corn, or tilings of that kind. Pap always said it warn’t no harm 
 to borrow things, if you was meaning to pay them back, some 
 time; but the widow said it warn’t anything but a soft name for 
 stealing, and no decent body would do it. Jim said he reckoned 
 the widow was partly right and pap was partly right; so the best 
 way would be for us to pick out two or three things from the 
 list and say we wouldn’t borrow them any more—then he 
 reckoned it wouldn’t be no harm to borrow the others. So we 
 talked it over all one night, drifting along down the river, trying 
 to make up our minds whether to drop the watermelons, or the 
 cantelopes, or the mushmelons, or what. But towards daylight 
 we got it all settled satisfactory, and concluded to drop crab- 
 apples and p’simmons. We warn’t feeling just right before that, 
 but it was all comfortable now. I was glad the way it came out, 
 too, because crab-apples ain’t ever good, and the p’simmons 
 wouldn’t be ripe for two or three months yet. 
 
 We shot a water-fowl, now and then, that got up too early 
 in the morning or didn’t go to bed early enough in the evening. 
 Take it all around, we lived pretty high. 
 
 65 
 
