you’d len’ me a chaw, Jack, I just this minute give Ben Thompson 
 the last chaw I had”—which is a lie, pretty much every time; it 
 don’t fool nobody but a stranger; but Jack ain’t no stranger, so 
 he says: 
 
 “ You give him a chaw, did you? so did your sister’s cat’s 
 grandmother. You pay me back the chaws you’ve awready 
 borry’d off’n me, Lafe Buckner, then I’ll loan you one or two 
 ton of it, and won’t charge you no back intrust nuther.” 
 
 “Well, I did pay you back some of it wunst.” 
 
 “Yes, you did—’bout six chaws. You borry’d store tobacker 
 and paid back nigger-head.” 
 
 Store tobacco is flat black plug, but these fellows mostly chaws 
 the natural leaf twisted. When they borrow a chaw, they don’t 
 generly cut it off with a knife, but they set the plug in between 
 their teeth, and gnaw with their teeth and tug at the plug with 
 their hands till they get it in two—then sometimes the one that 
 owns the tobacco looks mournful at it when it’s handed back, 
 and says, sarcastic: 
 
 “Here, gimme the chaw, and you take the plug.” 
 
 All the streets and lanes was just mud, they warn’t nothing 
 else blit mud—mud as black as tar, and nigh about a foot deep in 
 some places; and two or three inches deep in all the places. The 
 hogs loafed and grunted around, everywheres. You’d see a 
 muddy sow and a Utter of pigs come lazying along the street and 
 whollop herself right down in the way, where folks had to walk 
 around her, and she’d stretch out, and shut her eyes, and wave 
 her ears, whilst the pigs was milking her, and look as happy as if 
 she was on salary. And pretty soon you’d hear a loafer sing out, 
 “Hi! so boy! sick him, Tige!” and away the sow would go, 
 squealing most horrible, with a dog or two swinging to each ear, 
 and three or four dozen more a-coming; and then you would 
 see all the loafers get up and watch the thing out of sight, and 
 laugh at the fun and look grateful for the noise. Then they’d 
 settle back again till there was a dog-fight. There couldn’t any¬ 
 thing wake them up all over, and make them happy all over, like 
 
 140 
 
