man down the path a piece just drawing a bead on a bird with 
 his gun. So he hadn’t seen anything. 
 
 When he got along, I was hard at it taking up a “trot” line. 
 He abused me a little for being so slow, but I told him I fell in 
 the river and that was what made me so long. I knowed he would 
 see I was wet, and then he would be asking questions. We got 
 five cat-fish off of the lines and went home. 
 
 While we laid off, after breakfast, to sleep up, both of us being 
 about wore out, I got to thinking that if I could fix up some way 
 to keep pap and the widow from trying to follow me, it would 
 be a certainer tiling than trusting to luck to get far enough off 
 before they missed me; you see, all kinds of things might happen. 
 Well, I didn’t see no way for a while, but by and by pap raised 
 up a minute, to drink another barrel of water, and he says: 
 
 “Another time a man comes a-prowling round here, you roust 
 me out, you hear? That man warn’t here for no good. I’d a shot 
 him. Next time, you roust me out, you hear?” 
 
 Then he dropped down and went to sleep again—but what he 
 had been saying give me the very idea I wanted. I says to myself, 
 I can fix it now so nobody won’t think of following me. 
 
 About twelve o’clock we turned out and went along up the 
 bank. The river was coming up pretty fast, and lots of driftwood 
 going by on the rise. By and by, along comes part of a log raft 
 —nine logs fast together. We went out with the skiff and towed 
 it ashore. Then we had dinner. Anybody but pap would a waited 
 and seen the day through, so as to catch more stuff; but that 
 warn’t pap’s style. Nine logs was enough for one time; he must 
 shove right over to town and sell. So he locked me in and took 
 the skiff and started off towing the raft about half-past three. I 
 judged he wouldn’t come back that night. I waited till I reckoned 
 he had got a good start, then I out with my saw and went to 
 work on that log again. Before he was t’other side of the river 
 I was out of the hole; him and his raft was just a speck on the 
 water away off yonder. 
 
 I took the sack of corn meal and took it to where the canoe was 
 
 31 
 
