them newcomers like it give him the stomach-ache in his very 
 heart to think there could be such frauds and rascals in the world. 
 Oh, he done it admirable. Lots of the principal people gethered 
 around the king, to let him see they was on his side. That old 
 gentleman that had just come looked all puzzled to death. Pretty 
 soon he begun to speak, and I see, straight off, he pronounced like 
 an Englishman, not the king’s way, though the king’s was pretty 
 good, for an imitation. I can’t give the old gent’s words, nor I 
 can’t imitate him; but he turned around to the crowd, and says, 
 about like this: 
 
 “This is a surprise to me which I wasn’t looking for; and I’ll 
 acknowledge, candid and frank, I ain’t very well fixed to meet 
 it and answer it; for my brother and me has had misfortunes, he’s 
 broke his arm, and our baggage got put off at a town above here, 
 last night in the night by a mistake. I am Peter Wilks’s brother 
 Harvey, and this is his brother William, which can’t hear nor 
 speak—and can’t even make signs to amount to much, now’t 
 he’s only got one hand to work them with. We are who we say 
 we are; and in a day or two, when I get the baggage, I can prove 
 it. But, up till then, I won’t say nothing more, but go to the 
 hotel and wait.” 
 
 So him and the new dummy started off; and the king he laughs, 
 and blethers out: 
 
 “Broke his arm —very likely ain't it?—and very convenient, 
 too, for a fraud that’s got to make signs, and hain’t learnt how. 
 Lost their baggage! That’s mighty good!—and mighty ingenious 
 —under the circumstances !” 
 
 So he laughed again; and so did everybody else, except three 
 or four, or maybe half a dozen. One of these was that doctor; 
 another one was a sharp-looking gentleman, with a carpet-bag 
 of the old-fashioned kind made out of carpet-stuff, that had just 
 come off of the steamboat and was talking to him in a low voice, 
 and glancing towards the king now and then and nodding their 
 heads—it was Levi Bell, the lawyer that was gone up to Louis¬ 
 ville; and another one was a big rough husky that come along 
 
 196 
 
