meeting he couldn’t do no good, and besides he was in a sweat 
 to get to the Indian Ocean right off and go to work on the 
 pirates. 
 
 When we got back to the raft and he come to count up, he 
 found he had collected eighty-seven dollars and seventy-five 
 cents. And then he had fetched away a three-gallon jug of 
 whisky, too, that he found under a wagon when we was starting 
 home through the woods. The king said, take it all around, it 
 laid over any day he’d ever put in in the missionarying line. He 
 said it warn’t no use talking, heathens don’t amount to shucks, 
 alongside of pirates, to work a camp-meeting with. 
 
 The duke was thinking he’d been doing pretty well, till the 
 king come to show up, but after that he didn’t think so so much. 
 He had set up and printed off two little jobs for farmers, in that 
 printing office—horse bills—and took the money, four dollars. 
 And he had got in ten dollars’ worth of advertisements for the 
 paper, which he said he would put in for four dollars if they 
 would pay in advance—so they done it. The price of the paper 
 was two dollars a year, but he took in three subscriptions for half 
 a dollar apiece on condition of them paying him in advance; they 
 were going to pay in cord-wood and onions, as usual, but he 
 said he had just bought the concern and knocked down the price 
 as low as he could afford it, and was going to run it for cash. He 
 set up a little piece of poetry, which he made, himself, out of his 
 own head—three verses—kind of sweet and saddish—the name 
 of it was, “Yes, crush, cold world, this breaking heart”—and he 
 left that all set up and ready to print in the paper and didn’t 
 charge nothing for it. Well, he took in nine dollars and a half, 
 and said he’d done a pretty square day’s work for it. 
 
 Then he showed us another little job he’d printed and hadn’t 
 charged for, because it was for us. It had a picture of a runaway 
 nigger, with a bundle on a stick, over his shoulder, and “$200 
 reward” under it. The reading was all about Jim, and just 
 described him to a dot. It said he run away from St. Jacques’s 
 plantation, forty mile below New Orleans, last winter, and likely 
 
 133 
 
