her door, which was next to ours, and she took me in her room, 
 and shut the door very soft, and asked me if I liked her, and I 
 said I did; and she asked me if I would do something for her and 
 not tell anybody, and I said I would. Then she said she’d forgot 
 her Testament, and left it in the seat at church, between two 
 other books, and would I slip out quiet and go there and fetch 
 it to her, and not say nothing to nobody. I said I would. So I 
 slid out and slipped off up the road, and there warn’t anybody 
 at the church, except maybe a hog or two, for there warn’t any 
 lock on the door, and hogs likes a puncheon floor in summer¬ 
 time because it’s cool. If you notice, most folks don’t go to 
 church only when they’ve got to; but a hog is different. 
 
 Says I to myself something’s up—it ain’t natural for a girl to 
 be in such a sweat about a Testament; so I give it a shake, and 
 out drops a little piece of paper with “Half-past-two” wrote on 
 it with a pencil. I ransacked it, but couldn’t find anything else. I 
 couldn’t make anything out of that, so I put the paper in the book 
 again, and when I got home and upstairs, there was Miss Sophia 
 in her door waiting for me. She pulled me in and shut the door; 
 then she looked in the Testament till she found the paper, and as 
 soon as she read it she looked glad; and before a body could 
 think, she grabbed me and give me a squeeze, and said I was the 
 best boy in the world, and not to tell anybody. She was mighty 
 red in the face, for a minute, and her eyes lighted up, and it made 
 her powerful pretty. I was a good deal astonished, but when I got 
 my breath I asked her what the paper was about, and she asked 
 me if I had read it, and I said “no,” and she asked me if I could 
 read writing, and I told her, “No, only coarse-hand,” and then 
 she said the paper warn’t anything but a book-mark to keep her 
 place, and I might go and play now. 
 
 I went off down to the river, studying over this thing, and 
 pretty soon I noticed that my nigger was following along 
 behind. When we was out of sight of the house, he looked 
 back and around a second, and then comes a-running, and 
 says: 
 
 IIO 
 
