There was four or five men cavorting around on their horses 
 in the open place before the log store, cussing and yelling, and 
 trying to get at a couple of young chaps that was behind the 
 wood-rank alongside of the steamboat landing—but they 
 couldn’t come it. Every time one of them showed himself on 
 the river side of the wood-pile he got shot at. The two boys was 
 squatting back to back behind the pile, so they could watch 
 both ways. 
 
 By and by the men stopped cavorting around and yelling. 
 They started riding towards the store; then up gets one of the 
 boys, draws a steady bead over the wood-rank, and drops one of 
 them out of his saddle. All the men jumped off of their horses 
 and grabbed the hurt one and started to carry him to the store; 
 and that minute the two boys started on the run. They got half¬ 
 way to the tree I was in before the men noticed. Then the men 
 see them, and jumped on their horses and took out after them. 
 They gained on the boys, but it didn’t do no good, the boys had 
 too good a start; they got to the wood-pile that was in front of 
 my tree, and slipped in behind it, and so they had the bulge on 
 the men again. One of the boys was Buck, and the other was a 
 slim young chap about nineteen years old. 
 
 The men ripped around awhile, and then rode away. As soon 
 as they was out of sight, I sung out to Buck and told him. He 
 didn’t know what to make of my voice coming out of the tree, 
 at first. He was awful surprised. He told me to watch out sharp 
 and let him know when the men came in sight again; said they 
 was up to some devilment or other—wouldn’t be gone long. I 
 wished I was out of that tree, but I dasn’t come down. Buck 
 begun to cry and rip, and ’lowed that him and his cousin Joe 
 (that was the other young chap) would make up for this day, 
 yet. He said his father and his two brothers was killed, and two 
 or three of the enemy. Said the Shepherdsons laid for them, in 
 ambush. Buck said his father and brothers ought to waited for 
 their relations—the Shepherdsons was too strong for them. I 
 asked him what was become of young Harney and Miss Sophia. 
 
 114 
 
