“No, it come yesterday; I hain’t read it yet, but it’s all right, 
 I’ve got that one.” 
 
 I wanted to offer to bet two dollars she hadn’t, but I reckoned 
 maybe it was just as safe to not to. So I never said nothing. 
 
 CHAPTER THE LAST 
 
 the first time I catched Tom, private, I asked him what was his 
 idea, time of the evasion?—what it was he’d planned to do if the 
 evasion worked all right and he managed to set a nigger free that 
 was already free before? And he said, what he had planned in 
 his head, from the start, if we got Jim out all safe, was for us to 
 run him down the river, on the raft, and have adventures plumb 
 to the mouth of the river, and then tell him about his being free, 
 and take him back up home on a steamboat, in style, and pay him 
 for his lost time, and write word ahead and get out all the niggers 
 around, and have them waltz him into town with a torchlight 
 procession and a brass band, and then he would be a hero, and so 
 would we. But I reckoned it was about as well the way it was. 
 
 We had Jim out of the chains in no time, and when Aunt 
 Polly and Uncle Silas and Aunt Sally found out how good he 
 helped the doctor nurse Tom, they made a heap of fuss over him, 
 and fixed him up prime, and give him all he wanted to eat, and 
 a good time, and nothing to do. And we had him up to the sick¬ 
 room; and had a liigh talk; and Tom give Jim forty dollars for 
 being prisoner for us so patient, and doing it up so good, and 
 Jim was pleased most to death, and busted out, and says: 
 
 “Dah, now, Huck, what I tell you?—what I tell you up dah 
 on Jackson Islan’? I tole you I got a hairy breas’, en what’s de sign 
 un it; en I tele you I ben rich wunst, en gwineter to be rich agin ; 
 en it’s come true; en heah she is! Dah, now! doan’ talk to me — 
 signs is signs, mine I tell you; en I knowed jis’ ’s well ’at I ’uz 
 gwineter be rich agin as I’s a-stannin’ heah dis minute!” 
 
 And then Tom he talked along, and talked along, and says, 
 
 291 
 
