a dog-fight—unless it might be putting turpentine on a stray dog 
 and setting fire to him, or tying a tin pan to his tail and see him 
 run himself to death. 
 
 On the river front some of the houses was sticking out over 
 the bank, and they was bowed and bent, and about ready to 
 tumble in. The people had moved out of them. The bank was 
 caved away under one corner of some others, and that corner 
 was hanging over. People lived in them yet, but it was danger- 
 some, because sometimes a strip of land as wide as a house caves 
 in at a time. Sometimes a belt of land a quarter of a mile deep 
 will start in and cave along and cave along till it all caves into 
 the river in one summer. Such a town as that has to be always 
 moving back, and back, and back, because the river’s always 
 gnawing at it. 
 
 The nearer it got to noon that day, the thicker and thicker was 
 the wagons and horses in the streets, and more coining all the 
 time. Families fetched their dinners with them, from the country, 
 and eat them in the wagons. There was considerable whisky 
 drinking going on, and I seen three fights. By and by somebody 
 sings out: 
 
 “Here comes old Boggs!—in from the country for Iris little 
 old monthly drunk—here he comes, boys!” 
 
 All the loafers looked glad—I reckoned they was used to 
 having fun out of Boggs. One of them says: 
 
 “Wonder who he’s a-gwyne to chaw up this time. If he’d a 
 chawed up all the men he’d ben a-gwyne to chaw up in the last 
 twenty year, he’d have considerable ruputation, now.” 
 
 Another one says, “I wisht old Boggs’d threaten me, ’cuz then 
 I’d know I warn’t gwyne to die for a thousan’ year.” 
 
 Boggs comes a-tearing along on his horse, whooping and 
 yelling like an Injun, and singing out: 
 
 “Cler the track, thar. I’m on the waw-path, and the price uv 
 coffins is a-gwyne to raise.” 
 
 He was drunk, and weaving about in his saddle; he was over 
 fifty year old, and had a very red face. Everybody yelled at him, 
 
 A.H.F. 141 F 
 
