human bodies, cattle and houses. At least twice, at St. Louis, the 
 western and the eastern shores have been separated by the fall of 
 bridges, until the designer of the great Eads Bridge devised a 
 structure which could resist the floods. In my own childhood, it 
 was not unusual for the spring freshet to interrupt railway travel; 
 and then the traveller to the East had to take steamboat from the 
 levee up to Alton, at a higher level on the Illinois shore, before he 
 could begin his rail journey. The river is never wholly chartable; 
 it changes its pace, it shifts its channel, unaccountably; it may 
 suddenly efface a sandbar, and throw up another bar where before 
 was navigable water. 
 
 It is the River that controls the voyage of Huck and Jim; that 
 will not let them land at Cairo, where Jim could have reached 
 freedom; it is the River that separates them and deposits Huck for 
 a time in the Grangerford household; the River that re-unites 
 them, and then compels upon them the unwelcome company of 
 the King and the Duke. Recurrently we are reminded of its 
 presence and its power. 
 
 When I woke up, I didn’t know where I was for a minute. 
 I set up and looked around, a little scared. Then I remembered. 
 The river looked miles and miles across. The moon was so 
 bright I could a counted the drift-logs that went a-slipping 
 along, black and still, hundreds of yards out from shore. 
 Everything was dead quiet, and it looked late, and smelt late. 
 You know what I mean—I don’t know the words to put it in. 
 
 It was kind of solemn, drifting down the big still river, 
 laying on our backs looking up at the stars, and we didn’t ever 
 feel like talking loud, and it warn’t often that we laughed, 
 only a little kind of a low chuckle. We had mighty good 
 weather as a general thing, and nothing ever happened to us 
 at all, that night, nor the next, nor the next. 
 
 Every night we passed towns, some of them away up on 
 black hillsides, nothing but just a shiny bed of lights, not a 
 house could you see. The fifth night we passed St. Louis, and 
 it was like the whole world lit up. In St. Petersburg they used 
 
 xiii 
 
