warn’t no tow-head, that you could float by in ten minutes. It 
 had the big timber of a regular island; it might be five or six mile 
 long and more than a half a mile wide. 
 
 I kept quiet, with my ears cocked, about fifteen minutes, I 
 reckon. I was floating along, of course, four or five mile an hour; 
 but you don’t ever think of that. No, you feel lik e you are laying 
 dead still on the water; and if a little glimpse of a snag slips by, 
 you don’t think to yourself how fast you’re going, but you catch 
 your breath and think, my! how that snag’s tearing along. If you 
 think it ain’t dismal and lonesome out in a fog that way, by 
 yourself, in the night, you try it once—you’ll see. 
 
 Next, for about a half an hour, I whoops now and then; at last 
 I hears the answer a long ways off, and tries to follow it, but I 
 couldn’t do it, and directly I judged I’d got into a nest of tow- 
 heads, for I had little dim glimpses of them on both sides of me, 
 sometimes just a narrow channel between; and some that I 
 couldn’t see, I knowed was there, because I’d hear the wash of 
 the current against the old dead brush and trash that hung over 
 the banks. Well, I warn’t long losing the whoops, down amongst 
 the tow-heads; and I only tried to chase them a little while, any¬ 
 way, because it was worse than chasing a jack-o’-lantern. You 
 never knowed a sound dodge around so, and swap places so 
 quick and so much. 
 
 I had to claw away from the bank pretty lively, four or five 
 times, to keep from knocking the islands out of the river; and so 
 I judged the raft must be butting into the bank every now and 
 then, or else it would get further ahead and clear out of hearing 
 —it was floating a little faster than what I was. 
 
 Well, I seemed to be in the open river again, by and by, but I 
 couldn’t hear no sign of a whoop nowheres. I reckoned Jim had 
 fatched up on a snag, maybe, and it was all up with him. I was 
 good and tired, so I laid down in the canoe and said I wouldn’t 
 bother no more. I didn’t want to go to sleep, of course; but I 
 was so sleepy I couldn’t help it; so I thought I would take just 
 one little cat-nap. 
 
 82 
 
