just a tow-linen shirt. Some of the old women was knitting and 
 some of the young folks was courting on the sly. 
 
 The first shed we come to, the preacher was lining out a 
 hymn. He lined out two fines, everybody sung it, and it was kind 
 of grand to hear it, there was so many of them and they done it 
 in such a rousing way; then he fined out two more for them to 
 sing—and so on. The people woke up more and more, and sung 
 louder and louder; and towards the end some begun to groan, 
 and some begun to shout. Then the preacher begun to preach; 
 and begun in earnest, too; and went weaving first to one side of 
 the platform and then the other, and then a-leaning down over 
 the front of it, with Inis arms and his body going all the time, 
 and shouting his words out with all his might; and every now 
 and then he would hold up his Bible and spread it open, and 
 kind of pass it around this way and that, shouting, “It’s the 
 brazen serpent in the wilderness! Look upon it and five!” And 
 people would shout out, “Glory!—A-a -men!” And so he went 
 on, and the people groaning and crying and saying amen: 
 
 “Oh, come to the mourners’ bench! come, black with sin! 
 (amen!) come, sick and sore! (amen!) come, lame and halt, and 
 blind! (amen!) come, pore and needy, sunk in shame! (a-a-men!) 
 come all that’s worn, and soiled, and suffering!—come with a 
 broken spirit! come with a contrite heart! come in your rags and 
 sin and dirt! the waters that cleanse is free, the door of heaven 
 stands open—oh, enter in and be at rest!” (a-a-men! glory, glory 
 hallelujah!) 
 
 And so on. You couldn’t make out what the preacher said, 
 any more, on account of the shouting and crying. Folks got up, 
 everywheres in the crowd, and worked their way, just by main 
 strength, to the mourners’ bench, with the tears running down 
 their faces; and when all the mourners had got up there to the 
 front benches in a crowd, they sung, and shouted, and flung 
 themselves down on the straw, just crazy and wild. 
 
 Well, the first I knowed, the king got a-going; and you could 
 hear him over everybody; and next he went a-charging up on to 
 
 Hi 
 
