tried to learn you your book, she tried to learn you your manners, 
 she tried to be good to you every way she knowed how. That's 
 what she done.” 
 
 I got to feeling so mean and so miserable I most wished I was 
 dead. I fidgeted up and down the raft, abusing myself to myself, 
 and Jim was fidgeting up and down past me. We neither of us 
 could keep still. Every time he danced around and says, “Dah’s 
 Cairo!” it went through me like a shot, and I thought if it was 
 Cairo I reckoned I would die of miserableness. 
 
 Jim talked out loud all the time while I was talking to myself. 
 He was saying how the first thing he would do when he got to 
 a free State he would go to saving up money and never spend a 
 single cent, and when he got enough he would buy his wife, 
 which was owned on a farm close to where Miss Watson lived; 
 and then they would both work to buy the two children, and if 
 their master wouldn’t sell them, they’d get an Ab’litionist to go 
 and steal them. 
 
 It most froze me to hear such talk. He wouldn’t ever dared to 
 talk such talk in his life before. Just see what a dilference it made 
 in him the minute he judged he was about free. It was according 
 to the old saying, “Give a nigger an inch and he’ll take an ell.” 
 Thinks I, this is what comes of my not thinking. Here was this 
 nigger which I had as good as helped to run away, coming right 
 out flat-footed and saying he would steal his children—children 
 that belonged to a man I didn’t even know; a man that hadn’t 
 ever done me no harm. 
 
 I was sorry to hear Jim say that, it was such a lowering of 
 him. My conscience got to stirring me up hotter than ever, until 
 at last I says to it, “Let up on me—it ain’t too late, yet—I’ll paddle 
 ashore at the first light, and tell.” I felt easy, and happy, and light 
 as a feather, right off. All my troubles was gone. I went to look¬ 
 ing out sharp for a light, and sort of singing to myself. By and 
 by one showed. Jim sings out: 
 
 “We’s safe, Huck, we’s safe! Jump up and crack yo’ heels, dat’s 
 de good ole Cairo at las’, I jis knows it!” 
 
 88 
 
