it ain’t de powerfullest dream I ever see. En I hain’t ever had no 
 dream b’fo’ dat’s tired me like dis one.” 
 
 “Oh, well, that’s all right, because a dream does tire a body 
 like everything, sometimes. But this one was a staving dream— 
 tell me all about it, Jim.” 
 
 So Jim went to work and told me the whole thing right 
 through, just as it happened, only he painted it up considerable. 
 Then he said he must start in and “ ’terpret” it, because it was sent 
 for a warning. He said the first tow-head stood for a man that 
 would try to do us some good, but the current was another man 
 that would get us away from him. The whoops was warnings 
 that would come to us every now and then, and if we didn’t try 
 hard to make out to understand them they’d just take us into 
 bad luck, ’stead of keeping us out of it. The lot of tow-heads was 
 troubles we was going to get into with quarrelsome people and 
 all kinds of mean folks, but if we minded our business and didn’t 
 talk back and aggravate them, we would pull through and get 
 out of the fog and into the big clear river, which was the free 
 States, and wouldn’t have no more trouble. 
 
 It had clouded up pretty dark just after I got on to the raft, 
 but it was clearing up again, now. 
 
 “Oh, well, that’s all interpreted well enough, as far as it goes, 
 Jim,” I says; “but what does these things stand for?” 
 
 It was the leaves and rubbish on the raft, and the smashed 
 oar. You could see them first rate, now. 
 
 Jim looked at the trash, and then looked at me, and back at 
 the trash again. He had got the dream fixed so strong in his head 
 that he couldn’t seem to shake it loose and get the facts back in 
 its place again, right away. But when he did get the tiling 
 straightened around, he looked at me steady, without ever 
 smiling, and says: 
 
 “What do dey stan’ for? I’s gwyne to tell you. When I got all 
 wore out wid work, en wid de callin’ for you, en went to sleep, 
 my heart wuz mos’ broke bekase you wuz los’, en I didn’ k’yer 
 no mo’ what become er me en de raf’. En when I wake up en 
 
 85 
 
