stage and them tragedians. But a big, fine-looking man jumps up 
 on a bench, and shouts: 
 
 “Hold on! Just a word, gentlemen.” They stopped to listen. 
 “We are sold—mighty badly sold. But we don’t want to be the 
 laughing-stock of this whole town, I reckon, and never hear the 
 last of this thing as long as we live. No. What we want, is to go 
 out of here quiet, and talk this show up, and sell the rest of the 
 town! Then we’ll all be in the same boat. Ain’t that sensible?” 
 (“You bet it is!—the jedge is right!” everybody sings out.) “All 
 right, then—not a word about any sell. Go along home, and 
 advise everybody to come and see the tragedy.” 
 
 Next day you couldn’t hear nothing around that town but 
 how splendid that show was. House was jammed again, that 
 night, and we sold this crowd the same way. When me and the 
 king and the duke got home to the raft, we all had a supper; and 
 by and by, about midnight, they made Jim and me back her out 
 and float her down the middle of the river and fetch her in and 
 hide her about two mile below town. 
 
 The third night the house was crammed again—and they 
 warn’t new-comers, this time, but people that was at the show 
 the other two nights. I stood by the duke at the door, and I see 
 that every man that went in had his pockets bulging, or some¬ 
 thing muffled up under his coat—and I see it warn’t no per¬ 
 fumery neither, not by a long sight. I smelt sickly eggs by the 
 barrel, and rotten cabbages, and such tilings; and if I know the 
 signs of a dead cat being around, and I bet I do, there was sixty- 
 four of them went in. I shoved in there for a minute, but it was 
 too various for me, I couldn’t stand it. Well, when the place 
 couldn’t hold no more people, the duke he give a fellow a quarter 
 and told him to tend door for him a minute, and then he started 
 around for the stage door, I after him; but the minute we turned 
 the comer and was in the dark, he says: 
 
 “Walk fast, now, till you get away from the houses, and then 
 shin for the raft like the dickens was after you!” 
 
 I done it, and he done the same. We struck the raft at the same 
 
 152 
 
