Then we went loafmg around the town. The stores and houses 
 was most all old shackly dried-up frame concerns that hadn’t 
 ever been painted; they was set up three or four foot above 
 ground on stilts, as so to be out of reach of the water when the 
 river was overflowed. The houses had little gardens around them, 
 but they didn’t seem to raise hardly anything in them but jimp- 
 son weeds, and sunflowers, and ash-piles, and old curled-up boots 
 and shoes, and pieces of bottles, and rags, and played-out tin¬ 
 ware. The fences was made of different kinds of boards, nailed 
 on at different times; and they leaned every which-way, and had 
 gates that didn’t generly have but one hinge—a leather one. 
 Some of the fences had been whitewashed, some time or another, 
 but the duke said it was in C’lumbus’s time, like enough. There 
 was generly hogs in the garden, and people driving them 
 out. 
 
 All the stores was along one street. They had white-domestic 
 awnings in front, and the country people hitched their horses to 
 the awning-posts. There was empty dry-goods boxes under the 
 awnings, and loafers roosting on them all day long, whittling 
 them with their Barlow knives; and chawing tobacco, and gap¬ 
 ing and yawning and stretching—a mighty ornery lot. They 
 generly had on yellow straw hats most as wide as an umbrella, 
 but didn’t wear no coats nor waistcoats; they called one another 
 Bill, and Buck, and Hank, and Joe, and Andy, and talked lazy 
 and drawly, and used considerable many cuss-words. There was 
 as many as one loafer leaning up against every awning-post, and 
 he most always had his hands in his britches pockets, except 
 when he fetched them out to lend a chaw of tobacco or scratch. 
 What a body was hearing amongst them, all the time was: 
 
 “Gimme a chaw’v tobacker, Hank.” 
 
 “Cain’t—I haint’ got but one chaw left. Ask Bill.” 
 
 Maybe Bill he gives him a chaw; maybe he lies and says he 
 ain’t got none. Some of them kinds of loafers never has a cent 
 in the world, nor a chaw of tobacco of their own. They get all 
 their chawing by borrowing—they say to a fellow, “I wisht 
 
 139 
 
