tiling. The king allowed he would go too, and see if he couldn’t 
 strike something. We was out of coffee, so Jim said I better go 
 along with them in the canoe and get some. 
 
 When we got there, there warn’t nobody stirring; streets 
 empty, and perfectly dead and still, like Sunday. We found a 
 sick nigger sunning himself in a back yard, and he said every¬ 
 body that warn’t too young or too sick or too old was gone to 
 camp-meeting, about two mile back in the woods. The king got 
 the directions, and allowed he’d go and work that camp-meeting 
 for all it was worth, and I might go, too. 
 
 The duke said what he was after was a printing office. We 
 found it; a httle bit of a concern, up over a carpenter shop— 
 carpenters and printers all gone to the meeting, and no doors 
 locked. It was a dirty, httered-up place, and had ink marks, 
 and handbills with pictures of horses and runaway niggers on 
 them, all over the walls. The duke shed his coat and said he 
 was all right, now. So me and the king lit out for the camp¬ 
 meeting. 
 
 We got there in about a half an hour, fairly dripping, for it 
 was a most awful hot day. There was as much as a thousand 
 people there, from twenty mile around. The woods was full of 
 teams and wagons, hitched everywheres, feeding out of the 
 wagon troughs and stomping to keep off the flies. There was 
 sheds made out of poles and roofed over with branches, where 
 they had lemonade and gingerbread to sell, and piles of water¬ 
 melons and green corn and suchlike truck. 
 
 The preaching was going on under the same kinds of sheds, 
 only they was bigger and held crowds of people. The benches 
 was made out of outside slabs of logs, with holes bored in the 
 round side to drive sticks into for legs. They didn’t have no 
 backs. The preachers had high platforms to stand on, at one end 
 of the sheds. The women had on sun-bonnets; and some had 
 linsey-woolsey frocks, some gingham ones, and a few of the 
 young ones had on calico. Some of the young men was bare¬ 
 footed, and some of the children didn’t have on any clothes but 
 
 130 
 
