what he’d call it; and he’d land on that wreck if it was his last 
 act. And wouldn’t he throw style into it?—wouldn’t he spread 
 himself, nor nothing? Why, you’d think it was Christopher 
 C’lumbus discovering Kingdom-Come. I wish Tom Sawyer was 
 here.” 
 
 Jim he grumbled a little, but give in. He said we mustn’t talk 
 any more than we could help, and then talk mighty low. The 
 lightning showed us the wreck again, just in time, and we 
 fetched the stabboard derrick, and made fast there. 
 
 The deck was high out, here. We went sneaking down the 
 slope of it to labboard, in the dark, towards the texas, feeling our 
 way slow with our feet, and spreading our hands out to fend off 
 the guys, for it was so dark we couldn’t see no sign of them. 
 Pretty soon we struck the forward end of the skylight, and 
 dumb on to it; and the next step fetched us in front of the 
 captain’s door, which was open, and by Jimminy, away down 
 through the texas hall we see a light! and all in the same second 
 we seemed to hear low voices in yonder! 
 
 Jim whispered and said he was feeling powerful sick, and told 
 me to come along. I says, all right; and was going to start for 
 the raft; but just then I heard a voice wail out and say: 
 
 “Oh, please don’t, boys: I swear I won’t ever tell!” 
 
 Another voice said, pretty loud: 
 
 “It’s a lie, Jim Turner. You’ve acted this way before. You 
 always want more’n your share of the truck, and you’ve always 
 got it, too, because you’ve swore’t if you didn’t you’d tell. But 
 this time you’ve said it jest one time too many. You’re the mean¬ 
 est, treacherousest hound in this country.” 
 
 By this time Jim was gone for the raft. I was just a-biling with 
 curiosity; and I says to myself, Tom Sawyer wouldn’t back out 
 now, and so I won’t either; I’m a-going to see what’s going on 
 here. So I dropped on my hands and knees, in the little passage, 
 and crept aft in the dark, till there warn’t but about one state¬ 
 room betwixt me and the cross-hall of the texas. Then, in there 
 I see a man stretched on the floor and tied hand and foot, and 
 
 67 
 
