your back in the moonshine; I never knowed it before. And how 
 far a body can hear on the water such nights! I heard people 
 talking at the ferry landing. I heard what they said, too, every 
 word of it. One man said it was getting towards the long days 
 and the short nights, now. T’other one said this warn’t one of 
 the short ones, he reckoned—and then they laughed, and he said 
 it over again, and they laughed again; then they waked up 
 another fellow and told him, and laughed, but he didn’t laugh; 
 he ripped out something brisk and said let him alone. The first 
 fellow said he ’lowed to tell it to his old woman—she would 
 think it was pretty good; but he said that warn’t nothing to some 
 things he had said in his time. I heard one man say it was nearly 
 three o’clock, and he hoped daylight wouldn’t wait more thad 
 about a week longer. After that, the talk got further and further 
 away, and I couldn’t make out the words any more, but I could 
 hear the mumble; and now and then a laugh, too, but it seemed 
 a long ways off. 
 
 I was away below the ferry now. I rose up and there was Jack¬ 
 son’s Island, about two mile and a half down stream, heavy- 
 timbered and standing up out of the middle of the river, big and 
 dark and solid, like a steamboat without any lights. There warn’t 
 any signs of the bar at the head—it was all under water now. 
 
 It didn’t take me long to get there. I shot past the head at a 
 ripping rate, the current was so swift, and then I got into the 
 dead water and landed on the side towards the Illinois shore. I 
 run the canoe into a deep dent in the bank that I knowed about; 
 I had to part the willow branches to get in; and when I made fast 
 nobody could a seen the canoe from the outside. 
 
 I went up and set down on a log at the head of the island and 
 looked out on the big river and the black drift-wood, and away 
 over to the town, three mile away, where there was three or 
 four hghts twinkling. A monstrous big lumber raft was about a 
 mile up stream, coming along down, with a lantern in the middle 
 of it. I watched it come creeping down, and when it was most 
 abreast of where I stood I heard a man say, “Stern oars, there! 
 
 35 
 
