stopped digging, and then for a good little while I knowed he 
 was thinking. Then he says: 
 
 “It ain’t no use, Huck, it ain’t a-going to work. If we was 
 prisoners it would, because then we’d have as many years as we 
 wanted, and no hurry; and we wouldn’t get but a few minutes 
 to dig, every day, while they was changing watches, and so our 
 hands wouldn’t get blistered, and we could keep it up right 
 along, year in and year out, and do it right, and the way it ought 
 to be done. But we can’t fool along, we got to rush; we ain’t got 
 no time to spare. If we was to put in another night this way, 
 we’d have to knock off for a week to let our hands get well— 
 couldn’t touch a case-knife with them sooner.” 
 
 “Well, then, what we going to do, Tom?” 
 
 “I’ll tell you. It ain’t right, and it ain’t moral, and I wouldn’t 
 like it to get out—but there ain’t only just the one way; we got 
 to dig him out with the picks, and let on it’s case-knives.” 
 
 “Now you’re talking !” I says: “your head gets leveller and 
 leveller all the time, Tom Sawyer,” I says. “Picks is the tiling, 
 moral or no moral; and as for me, I don’t care shucks for the 
 morality of it, nohow. When I start in to steal a nigger, or a 
 watermelon, or a Sunday school book, I ain’t no ways particular 
 how it’s done so it’s done. What I want is my nigger; or what 
 I want is my watermelon; or what I want is my Sunday school 
 book; and if a pick’s the handiest tiling, that’s the thing I’m 
 a-going to dig that nigger or that watermelon or that Sunday 
 school book out with; and I don’t give a dead rat what the 
 authorities thinks about it nuther.” 
 
 “Well,” he says, “there’s excuse for picks and letting-on in 
 a case like this; if it warn’t so, I wouldn’t approve of it, nor I 
 wouldn’t stand by and see the rules broke—because right is right, 
 and wrong is wrong, and a body ain’t got no business doing 
 wrong when he ain’t ignorant and knows better. It might answer 
 for you to dig Jim out with a pick, without any letting-on, because 
 you don’t know no better; but it wouldn’t for me, because I do 
 know better. Gimme a case-knife.” 
 
 246 
 
