longest time. Yonder was the banks and the islands, across the 
 water; and maybe a spark—which was a candle in a cabin win¬ 
 dow—and sometimes on the water you could see a spark or two 
 —on a raft or a scow, you know; and maybe you could hear a 
 fiddle or a song coming over from one of them crafts. It’s lovely 
 to hve on a raft. We had the sky, up there, all speckled with 
 stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and 
 discuss about whether they was made, or only just happened— 
 Jim he allowed they was made, but I allowed they happened; I 
 j udged it would have took too long to make so many. Jim said 
 the moon could a laid them; well, that looked kind of reasonable, 
 so I didn’t say nothing against it, because I’ve seen a frog lay most 
 as many, so of course it could be done. We used to watch the 
 stars that fell, too, and see them streak down. Jim allowed they’d 
 got spoiled and was hove out of the nest. 
 
 Once or twice of a night we would see a steamboat slipping 
 along in the dark, and now and then she would belch a whole 
 world of sparks up out of her chimbleys, and they would rain 
 down in the river and look awful pretty; then she would turn a 
 corner and her lights would wink out and her pow-wow shut 
 off and leave the river still again; and by and by her waves would 
 get to us, a long time after she was gone, and joggle the raft a 
 bit, and after that you wouldn’t hear nothing for you couldn’t 
 tell how long, except maybe frogs or something. 
 
 After midnight the people on shore went to bed, and then for 
 two or three hours the shores was black—no more sparks in the 
 cabin windows. These sparks was our clock—the first one that 
 showed again meant morning was coming, so we hunted a place 
 to hide and tie up, right away. 
 
 One morning about daybreak, I found a canoe and crossed 
 over a chute to the main shore—it was only two hundred yards 
 —and paddled about a mile up a crick amongst the cypress 
 woods, to see if I couldn’t get some berries. Just as I was passing 
 a place where a kind of cow-path crossed the crick, here comes a 
 couple of men tearing up the path as tight as they could foot it. 
 
 119 
 
