The fifth night below St. Louis we had a big storm after mid¬ 
 night, with a power of thunder and lightning, and the rain 
 poured down in a solid sheet. We stayed in the wigwam and let 
 the raft take care of itself. When the lightning glared out we 
 could see a big straight river ahead, and high rocky bluffs on 
 both sides. By and by says I, “Hal-/o, Jim, looky yonder!” It was 
 a steamboat that had killed herself on a rock. We was drifting 
 straight down for her. The lightning showed her very distinct. 
 She was leaning over, with part of her upper deck above water, 
 and you could see every little chimbly-guy clean and clear, and 
 a chair by the big bell, with an old slouch hat hanging on the 
 back of it when the flashes come. 
 
 Well, it being away in the night, and stormy, and all so 
 mysterious-like, I felt just the way any other boy would a felt 
 when I see that wreck laying there so mournful and lonesome in 
 the middle of the river. I wanted to get aboard of her and slink 
 around a little, and see what there was there. So I says: 
 
 “Le’s land on her, Jim.” 
 
 But Jim was dead against it, at first. He says: 
 
 “I doan’ want to go fool’n ’long er no wrack.We’s doin’ blame’ 
 well, en we better let blame’ well alone, as de good book says. 
 Like as not dey’s a watchman on dat wrack.” 
 
 “Watchman your grandmother!” I says; “there ain’t nothing 
 to watch but the texas and the pilot-house; and do you reckon 
 anybody’s going to resk his life for a texas and a pilot-house 
 such a night as this, when it’s likely to break up and wash off 
 down the river any minute?” Jim couldn’t say nothing to that, so 
 he didn’t try. “And besides,” I says, “we might borrow some¬ 
 thing worth having, out of the captain’s stateroom. Seegars, I 
 bet you—and cost five cents apiece, solid cash. Steamboat cap¬ 
 tains is alwavs rich, and gets sixty dollars a month, and they don’t 
 care a cent what a tldng costs, you know, long as they want it. 
 Stick a candle in your pocket; I can’t rest, Jim, till we give her a 
 rummaging. Do you reckon Tom Sawyer would ever go by this 
 thing? Not for pie, he wouldn’t. He’d call it an adventure—that’s 
 
 66 
 
