see no sense in the most of it, but he allowed we was white folks 
 and knowed better than him; so he was satisfied, and said he 
 would do it all just as Tom said. 
 
 Jim had plenty corn-cob pipes and tobacco; so we had a right- 
 down good sociable time; then we crawled out through the hole, 
 and so home to bed, with hands that looked like they’d been 
 chawed. Tom was in high spirits. He said it was the best fun 
 he ever had in his life, and the most intellectural; and said if he 
 only could see his way to it we would keep it up all the rest of 
 our lives and leave Jim to our children to get out; for he believed 
 Jim would come to like it better and better the more he got used 
 to it. He said that in that way it could be strung out to as much as 
 eighty year, and would be the best time on record. And he said 
 it would make us all celebrated that had a hand in it. 
 
 In the morning we went out to the wood-pile and chopped 
 up the brass candlestick into handy sizes, and Tom put them and 
 the pewter spoon in his pocket. Then we went to the nigger 
 cabins, and while I got Nat’s notice off, Tom shoved a piece of 
 candlestick into the middle of a corn-pone that was in Jim’s 
 pan, and we went along with Nat to see how it would work, 
 and it just worked noble; when Jim bit into it it most mashed 
 all his teeth out; and there warn’t ever anything could a worked 
 better. Tom said so himself. Jim he never let on but what it was 
 only just a piece of rock or something like that that’s always 
 getting into bread, you know; but after that he never bit into 
 nothing but what he jabbed his fork into it in three or four places, 
 first. 
 
 And whilst we was a-standing there in the dimmish light, here 
 comes a couple of the hounds bulging in, from under Jim’s bed; 
 and they kept on piling in till there was eleven of them, and there 
 warn’t hardly room in there to get your breath. By jings, we 
 forgot to fasten that lean-to door. The nigger Nat he only just 
 hollered “witches!” once, and keeled over on to the floor 
 amongst the dogs, and begun to groan like he was dying. Tom 
 jerked the door open and flung out a slab of Jim’s meat, and the 
 
 249 
 
