Thinks I, it won’t do to paddle; first I know I’ll run into the 
 bank or a tow-head or something; I got to set still and float, and 
 yet it’s mighty fidgety business to have to hold your hands still 
 at such a time. I whooped and listened. Away down there, some- 
 wheres, I hears a small whoop, and up comes my spirits. I went 
 tearing after it, listening sharp to hear it again. The next time it 
 come, I see I warn’t heading for it but heading away to the 
 right of it. And the next time, I was heading away to the left of 
 it—and not gaining on it much, either, for I was flying around, 
 this way and that and t’other, but it was going straight ahead all 
 the time. 
 
 I did wish the fool would think to beat a tin pan, and beat it 
 all the time, but he never did, and it was the still places between 
 the whoops that was making the trouble for me. Well, I fought 
 along, and directly I hears the whoop behind me. I was tangled 
 good, now. That was somebody else’s whoop, or else I was 
 turned around. 
 
 I throwed the paddle down. I heard the whoop again; it was 
 behind me yet, but in a different place; it kept coming, and kept 
 changing its place, and I kept answering, till by and by it was 
 in front of me again and I knowed the current had swung the 
 canoe’s head down stream and I was all right, if that was Jim and 
 not some other raftsman hollering. I couldn’t tell nothing about 
 voices in a fog, for nothing don’t look natural nor sound natural 
 in a fog. 
 
 The whooping went on, and in about a minute I come a- 
 booming down on a cut bank with smoky ghosts of big trees on 
 it, and the current throwed me off to the left and shot by, 
 amongst a lot of snags that fairly roared, the current was tearing 
 by them so swift. 
 
 In another second or two it was solid white and still again. I 
 set perfectly still, then, listening to my heart thump, and I reckon 
 I didn’t draw a breath while it thumped a hundred. 
 
 I just give up, then. I knowed what the matter was. That cut 
 bank was an island, and Jim had gone down t’other side of it. It 
 
 81 
 
