thinnest kind of lips, and the thinnest kind of nostrils, and a high 
 nose, and heavy eyebrows, and the blackest kind of eyes, sunk so 
 deep back that they seemed like they was looking out of caverns 
 at you, as you may say. His forehead was high, and his hair was 
 black and straight, and hung to his shoulders. His hands was long 
 and thin, and every day of his life he put on a clean shirt and a 
 full suit from head to foot made out of linen so white it hurt your 
 eyes to look at it; and on Sundays he wore a blue tail-coat with 
 brass buttons on it. He carried a mahogany cane with a silver 
 head to it. There wam’t no frivolishness about him, not a bit, and 
 he warn’t ever loud. He was as kind as he could be—you could 
 feel that, you know, and so you had confidence. Sometimes he 
 smiled, and it was good to see; but when he straightened himself 
 up like a liberty-pole, and the lightning begun to flicker out from 
 under his eyebrows, you wanted to climb a tree first, and find 
 out what the matter was afterwards. He didn’t ever have to tell 
 anybody to mind their manners—everybody was always good- 
 mannered where he was. Everybody loved to have him around, 
 too; he was sunshine most always—I mean he made it seem like 
 good weather. When he turned into a cloud-bank it was awful 
 dark for a half a minute and that was enough; there wouldn’t 
 nothing go wrong again for a week. 
 
 When him and the old lady come down in the morning, all 
 the family got up out of their chairs and give them good day, 
 and didn’t set down again till they had set down. Then Tom and 
 Bob went to the sideboard where the decanters was, and mixed a 
 glass of bitters and handed it to him, and he held it in Ins hand 
 and waited till Tom’s and Bob’s was mixed, and then they bowed 
 and said, “Our duty to you, sir, and madam’’; and they bowed 
 the least bit in the world and said thank you, and so they drank, 
 all three, and Bob and Tom poured a spoonful of water on the 
 sugar and the mite of whisky or apple brandy in the bottom of 
 their tumblers, and give it to me and Buck, and we drank to the 
 old people too. 
 
 Bob was the oldest, and Tom next. Tall, beautiful men with 
 
 105 
 
