and the king told him he’d come down the river and landed at 
 the other village this morning, and now he was going up a few 
 mile to see an old friend on a farm up there. The young fellow 
 says: 
 
 “When I first see you, I says to myself, ‘It’s Mr. Wilks, sure, 
 and he come mighty near getting here in time.’ But then I says 
 again, ‘No, I reckon it ain’t him, or else he wouldn’t be paddling 
 up the river.’ You ain't him, are you?’’ 
 
 “No, my name’s Blodgett—Elexander Blodgett —Reverend 
 Elexander Blodgett, I s’pose I must say, as I’m one o’ the Lord’s 
 poor servants. But still I’m jist as able to be sorry for Mr. Wilks 
 for not arriving in time, all the same, if he’s missed anything by 
 it—which I hope he hasn’t.” 
 
 “Well, he don’t miss any property by it, because he’ll get that 
 all right; but he’s missed seeing his brother Peter die—which he 
 mayn’t mind, nobody can tell as to that—but his brother would a 
 give anything in this world to see him before he died; never talked 
 about nothing else all these three weeks; hadn’t seen him since 
 they was boys together—and hadn’t ever seen his brother 
 William at all—that’s the deef and dumb one—William ain’t 
 more than thirty or thirty-five. Peter and George was the only 
 ones that come out here; George was the married brother; him 
 and his wife both died last year. Harvey and William’s the only 
 ones that’s left now; and, as I was saying, they haven’t got here 
 in time.” 
 
 “Did anybody send ’em word?” 
 
 “Oh, yes; a month or two ago, when Peter was first took; 
 because Peter said then that he sorter felt like he warn’t going to 
 get well this time. You see, he was pretty old, and George’s 
 g’yirls was too young to be much company for him, except Mary 
 Jane the red-headed one; and so he was kinder lonesome after 
 George and his wife died, and didn’t seem to care much to live. 
 He most desperately wanted to see Harvey—and William too, 
 for that matter—because he was one of them kind that can’t bear 
 to make a will. He left a letter behind for Harvey, and said he’d 
 
 159 
 
