the independence of the vagabond. His existence questions the 
 values of America as much as the values of Europe; he is as much 
 an affront to the “pioneer spirit” as he is to “business enterprise”; 
 he is in a state of nature as detached as the state of the saint. In a 
 busy world, he represents the loafer; in an acquisitive and com¬ 
 petitive world, he insists on living from hand to mouth. He could 
 not be exhibited in any amorous encounters or engagements, in 
 any of the juvenile affections which are appropriate to Tom 
 Sawyer. He belongs neither to the Sunday School nor to the 
 Reformatory. He has no beginning and no end. Hence, he can 
 only disappear; and his disappearance can only be accomplished 
 by bringing forward another performer to obscure the dis¬ 
 appearance in a cloud of whimsicalities. 
 
 Like Huckleberry Fimi, the River itself has no beginning or 
 end. In its beginning, it is not yet the River; in its end, it is no 
 longer the River. What we call its headwaters is only a selection 
 from among the innumerable sources which flow together to com¬ 
 pose it. At what point in its course does the Mississippi become 
 what the Mississippi means ? It is both one and many; it is the Missis¬ 
 sippi of this book only after its union with the Big Muddy— 
 the Missouri; it derives some of its character from the Ohio, the 
 Tennessee and other confluents. And at the end it merely dis¬ 
 appears among its deltas: it is no longer there, but it is still where 
 it was, hundreds of miles to the North. The River cannot tolerate 
 any design, to a story which is its story, that might interfere 
 with its dominance. Things must merely happen, here and there, 
 to the people who live along its shores or who commit them¬ 
 selves to its current. And it is as impossible for Huck as for the 
 River to have a beginning or end—a career. So the book has the 
 right, the only possible concluding sentence. I do not think that 
 any book ever written ends more certainly with the right words; 
 
 But I reckon I got to light out for the Territory ahead of the 
 rest, because Aunt Sally she’s going to adopt me and Civilize 
 me, and I can’t stand it. I been there before. 
 
 T. S. ELIOT 
 
