“Here they are! They’ve broke for the river! after ’em, boys! 
 And turn loose the dogs!” 
 
 So here they come, full tilt. We could hear them, because they 
 wore boots, and yelled, but we didn’t wear no boots, and didn’t 
 yell. We was in the path to the mill; and when they got pretty 
 close on to us, we dodged into the bush and let them go by, and 
 then dropped in behind them. They’d had all the dogs shut up, 
 so they wouldn’t scare off the robbers; but by this time some¬ 
 body had let them loose, and here they come, making pow-wow 
 enough for a million; but they was our dogs; so we stopped in 
 our tracks till they catched up; and when they see it wam’t 
 nobody but us, and no excitement to offer them, they only just 
 said howdy, and tore right ahead towards the shouting and 
 clattering; and then we up steam again and whizzed along after 
 them till we was nearly to the mill, and then struck up through 
 the bush to where my canoe was tied, and hopped in and pulled 
 for dear life towards the middle of the river, but didn’t make no 
 more noise than we was obleeged to. Then we struck out, easy 
 and comfortable, for the island where my raft was; and we could 
 hear them yelling and barking at each other all up and down the 
 bank, till we was so far away the sounds got dim and died out. 
 And when we stepped on to the raft, I says: 
 
 “Now, old Jim, you’re a free man again, and I bet you won't 
 ever be a slave no more.” 
 
 “En a mighty good job it wuz, too, Huck. It ’uz planned 
 beautiful, en it ’uz done beautiful; en dey ain’t nobody kin git up 
 a plan dat’s mo’ mixed-up en splendid den what dat one wuz.” 
 
 We was all as glad as we could be, but Tom was the gladdest 
 of all, because he had a bullet in the calf of his leg. 
 
 When me and Jim heard that, we didn’t feel so brash as what 
 we did before. It was hurting him considerable, and bleeding; 
 so we laid him in the wigwam and tore up one of the duke’s 
 shirts for to bandage him, but he says: 
 
 “Gimme the rags, I can do it myself. Don’t stop, now; don’t 
 fool around here, and the evasion booming along so handsome; 
 
 274 
 
