me know my wickedness was being watched all the time from 
 up there in heaven, whilst I was stealing a poor old woman’s 
 nigger that hadn’t ever done me no harm, and now was showing 
 me there’s One that’s always on the look-out, and ain’t a-going 
 to allow no such miserable doings to go only just so fur and no 
 further, I most dropped in my tracks I was so scared. Well, I 
 tried the best I could to kinder soften it up somehow for myself, 
 by saying I was brung up wicked, and so I warn’t so much to 
 blame; but something inside of me kept saying, “There was the 
 Sunday school, you could a gone to it; and it you’d a done it 
 they’d a learnt you, there, that people that acts as I’d been acting 
 about that nigger goes to everlasting fire.” 
 
 It made me shiver. And I about made up my mind to pray; 
 and see if I couldn’t try to quit being the kind of a boy I was, 
 and be better. So I kneeled down. But the words wouldn’t come. 
 Why wouldn’t they? It wam’t no use to try and hide it from 
 Him. Nor from me, neither. I knowed very well why they 
 wouldn’t come. It was because my heart warn’t right; it was 
 because I warn’t square; it was because I was playing double. I 
 was letting on to give up sin, but away inside of me I was hold¬ 
 ing on to the biggest one of all. I was trying to make my mouth 
 say I would do the right thing and the clean thing, and go and 
 write to that nigger’s owner and tell where he was; but deep 
 down in me I knowed it was a lie—and He knowed it. You 
 can’t pray a lie—I found that out. 
 
 So I was full of trouble, full as I could be; and didn’t know 
 what to do. At last I had an idea; and I says, I’ll go and write the 
 letter—and then see if I can pray. Why, it was astonishing, the 
 way I felt as light as a feather, right straight off, and my troubles 
 all gone. So I got a piece of paper and a pencil, all glad and 
 excited, and set down and wrote: 
 
 Miss Watson your runaway nigger Jint is down here two mile below 
 Pikesville and Mr. Phelps has got him and he will give him up for the 
 reward if you send. huck finn. 
 
 213 
 
