in that room this morning, if I go out to one side and study over 
 it a little. So I done it. But I dasn’t go fur, or she’d a sent for 
 me. And when it was late in the day, the people all went, and 
 then I come in and told her the noise and shooting waked up me 
 and “Sid,” and the door was locked, and we wanted to see the 
 fun, so we went down the lightning-rod, and both of us got 
 hurt a little, and we didn’t never want to try that no more. And 
 then I went on and told her all what I told Uncle Silas before; 
 and then she said she’d forgive us, and maybe it was all right 
 enough anyway, and about what a body might expect of boys, 
 for all boys was a pretty harum-scarum lot, as fur as she could 
 see; and so, as long as no harm hadn’t come of it, she judged she 
 better put in her time being grateful we was ahve and well and 
 she had us still, stead of fretting over what was past and done. 
 So then she kissed me and patted me on the head, and dropped 
 into a kind of a brown study; and pretty soon jumps up, and says: 
 
 “Why, lawsamercy, it’s most night, and Sid not come yet? 
 What has become of that boy?” 
 
 I see my chance; so I skips up and says: 
 
 “I’ll run right up to town and get him,” I says. 
 
 “No, you won’t,” she says. “You’ll stay right wher’ you are; 
 one’s enough to be lost at a time. If he ain’t here to supper, your 
 uncle’ll go.” 
 
 Well, he wam’t there to supper; so right after supper uncle 
 went. 
 
 He come back about ten, a little bit uneasy; hadn’t run across 
 Tom’s track. Aunt Sally was a good deal uneasy; but Uncle Silas 
 he said there warn’t no occasion to be—boys will be boys, he 
 said, and you’ll see this one turn up in the morning, all sound 
 and right. So she had to be satisfied. But she said she’d set up for 
 him a while, anyway, and keep a light burning, so he could see it. 
 
 And then when I went up to bed she come up with me and 
 fetched her candle, and tucked me in, and mothered me so good 
 I felt mean, and like I couldn’t look her in the face; and she set 
 down on the bed and talked with me a long time, and said what 
 
 281 
 
