“Jim, this is nice,” I says. “I wouldn’t want to be nowhere else 
 but here. Pass me along another hunk of fish and some hot 
 corn-bread.” 
 
 “Well, you wouldn't a ben here, ’f it hadn’t a ben for Jim. 
 You’d a ben down dah in de woods widout any dinner, en gittin’ 
 mos’ drownded, too, dat you would, honey. Chickens knows 
 when it’s gwync to rain, en so do de birds, chile.” 
 
 The river went on raising and raising for ten or twelve days, 
 till at last it was over the banks. The water was three or four 
 foot deep on the island in the low places and on the Illinois 
 bottom. On that side it was a good many miles wide; but on 
 the Missouri side it was the same old distance across—a half 
 a mile—because the Missouri shore was just a wall of hi eh 
 bluffs. 
 
 Day-times we paddled all over the island in the canoe. It was 
 mighty cool and shady in the deep woods even if the sun was 
 blazing outside. We went winding in and out amongst the trees; 
 and sometimes the vines hung so thick we had to back away and 
 go some other way. Well, on every old broken-down tree you 
 could see rabbits, and snakes, and such tilings; and when the 
 island had been overflowed a day or two, they got so tame, on 
 account of being hungry, that you could paddle right up and 
 put your hand on them if you wanted to; but not the snakes and 
 turtles—they would slide off in the water. The ridge our cavern 
 was in was full of them. We could a had pets enough if we’d 
 wanted them. 
 
 One night we catched a little section of a lumber raft—nice 
 pine planks. It was twelve foot wide and about fifteen or sixteen 
 foot long, and the top stood above water six or seven inches, a 
 solid level floor. We could see saw-logs go by in the daylight, 
 sometimes, but we let them go; we didn’t show ourselves in 
 daylight. 
 
 Another night, when we was up at the head of the island, just 
 before daylight, here comes a frame house down, on the west 
 side. She was a two-story, and tilted over, considerable. We 
 
 49 
 
