the kind of fancy that Tom Sawyer enjoys) are in themselves 
 farcical; and if it were not for the presence of Huck as the 
 reporter of them, they would be no more than farce. But, seen 
 through the eyes of Huck, there is a deep human pathos in these 
 scoundrels. On the other hand, the story of the feud between the 
 Grangerfords and the Shepherdsons is a masterpiece in itself: yet 
 Mark Twain could not have written it so, with that economy and 
 restraint, with just the right details and no more, and leaving to 
 the reader to make his own moral reflections, unless he had been 
 writing in the person of Huck. And the style of the book, which 
 is the style of Huck, is what makes it a far more convincing 
 indictment of slavery than the sensationalist propaganda of Uncle 
 Tom’s Cabin. Huck is passive and impassive, apparently always 
 the victim of events; and yet, in his acceptance of his world and 
 of what it does to him and others, he is more powerful than his 
 world, because he is more aware than any other person in it. 
 
 Repeated readings of the book only confirm and deepen one’s 
 admiration of the consistency and perfect adaptation of the 
 writing. This is a style which at the period, whether in America 
 or in England, was an innovation, a new discovery in the English 
 language. Other authors had achieved natural speech in relation 
 to particular characters—Scott with characters talking Lowland 
 Scots, Dickens with cockneys: but no one else had kept it up 
 through the whole of a book. Thackeray’s Yellowplush, impres¬ 
 sive as he is, is an obvious artifice in comparison. In Huckleberry 
 Finn there is no exaggeration of grammar or spelling or speech, 
 there is no sentence or phrase to destroy the illusion that these are 
 Huck’s own words. It is not only in the way in which he tells 
 his story, but in the details he remembers, that Huck is true to 
 himself. There is, for instance, the description of the Grangerford 
 interior as Huck sees it on his arrival; there is the list of the 
 objects which Huck and Jim salvaged from the derelict house: 
 
 We got an old tin lantern, and a butcher-knife without any 
 handle, and a bran-new Barlow knife worth two bits in any 
 store, and a lot of tallow candles, and a tin candlestick, and a 
 
