maybe we might think we was passing the foot of an island and 
 coming into the same old river again. That disturbed Jim—and 
 me too. So the question was, what to do? I said, paddle ashore 
 the first time a light showed, and tell them pap was behind, 
 coming along with a trading-scow, and was a green hand at the 
 business, and wanted to know how far it was to Cairo. Jim 
 thought it was a good idea, so we took a smoke on it and 
 waited. 
 
 There wam’t nothing to do, now, but to look out sharp for 
 the town, and not pass it without seeing it. He said he’d be 
 mighty sure to see it, because he’d be a free man the minute he 
 seen it, but if he missed it he’d be in the slave country again and 
 no more show for freedom. Every little while he jumps up and 
 says: 
 
 “Dah she is!” 
 
 But it warn’t. It was jack-o’-lanterns, or lightning-bugs; so he 
 set down again, and went to watching, same as before. Jim said 
 it made him all over trembly and feverish to be so close to free¬ 
 dom. Well, I can tell you it made me all over trembly and 
 feverish, too, to hear him, because I begun to get it through my 
 head that he was most free—and who was to blame for it? Why, 
 me. I couldn’t get that out of my conscience, no how nor no way. 
 It got to troubling me so I couldn’t rest; I couldn’t stay still in 
 one place. It hadn’t ever come home to me, before, what this 
 thing was that I was doing. But now it did; and it stayed with 
 me, and scorched me more and more. I tried to make out to 
 myself that I warn’t to blame, because I didn’t run Jim off from 
 his rightful owner; but it warn’t no use, conscience up and says, 
 every time, ‘‘But you knowed he was running for his freedom, 
 and you could a paddled ashore and told somebody.” That was 
 so—I couldn’t get around that, no way. That was where it 
 pinched. Conscience says to me, “What had poor Miss Watson 
 done to you, that you could see her nigger go off right under 
 your eyes and never say one single word? What did that poor old 
 woman do to you, that you could treat her so mean? Why, she 
 
 87 
 
