Jim said if we had the canoe hid in a good place, and had all 
 die traps in the cavern, we could rush there if anybody was to 
 come to the island, and they would never find us without dogs. 
 And besides, he said them little birds had said it was going to 
 rain, and did I want the things to get wet? 
 
 So we went back and got the canoe and paddled up abreast 
 the cavern, and lugged all the traps up there. Then we hunted 
 up a place close by to hide the canoe in, amongst the thick 
 willows. We took some fish off the lines and set them again, 
 and begun to get ready for dinner. 
 
 The door of the cavern was big enough to roll a hogshead in, 
 and on one side of the door the floor stuck out a little bit and 
 was flat and a good place to build a fire on. So we built it there 
 and cooked dinner. 
 
 We spread the blankets inside for a carpet, and eat our dinner 
 in there. We put all the other things handy at the back of the 
 cavern. Pretty soon it darkened up and begun to thunder and 
 lighten; so the birds was right about it. Directly it begun to rain, 
 and it rained like all fury, too, and I never see the wind blow so. 
 It was one of these regular summer storms. It would get so dark 
 that it looked all blue-black outside, and lovely; and the rain 
 would thrash along by so thick that the trees off a little ways 
 looked dim and spider-webby; and here would come a blast of 
 wind that would bend the trees down and turn up the pale 
 underside of the leaves; and then a perfect ripper of a gust would 
 follow along and set the branches to tossing their arms as if they 
 was just wild; and next, when it was just about the bluest and 
 blackest-^/h/ it was as bright as glory and you’d have a little 
 glimpse of tree-tops a-plunging about, away off yonder in the 
 storm, hundreds of yards further than you could see before; dark 
 as sin again in a second, and now you’d hear the thunder let go 
 with an awful crash and then go rumbling, grumbling, tumbling 
 down the sky towards the underside of the world, like rolling 
 empty barrels downstairs, where it’s long stairs and they bounce 
 a good deal, you know. 
 
 48 
 
