just in the act of sliding out when I ran across you on the trail 
 this side of town, and you told me they were coming, and begged 
 me to help you to get off. So I told you I was expecting trouble 
 myself and would scatter out with you. That’s the whole yarn— 
 what’s yourn?” 
 
 “Well, I’d ben a-runnin’ a little temperance revival thar, ’bout 
 a week, and was the pet of the women-folks, big and little, for 
 I was makin’ it mighty warm for the rummies, I tell you, and 
 takin’ as much as five or six dollars a night—ten cents a head, 
 children and niggers free—and business a-growin’ all the time; 
 when somehow or another a little report got around, last night, 
 that I had a way of puttin’ in my time with a private jug, on the 
 sly. A nigger rousted me out this mornin’, and told me the people 
 was getherin’ on the quiet, with their dogs and horses, and they’d 
 be along pretty soon and give me ’bout half an hour’s start, and 
 then run me down, if they could; and if they got me they’d tar 
 and feather me and ride me on a rail, sure. I didn’t wait for no 
 breakfast—I warn’t hungry.” 
 
 “Old man,” says the young one. “I reckon we might double¬ 
 team it together; what do you think?” 
 
 “I ain’t undisposed. What’s your line—mainly?” 
 
 “Jour printer, by trade; do a little in patent medicines; theatre- 
 actor—tragedy, you know; take a turn at mesmerism and 
 phrenology when there’s a chance; teach singing geography 
 school for a change; sling a lecture, sometimes—oh, I do lots 
 of things—most anything that comes handy, so it ain’t work. 
 What’s your lay?” 
 
 “I’ve done considerble in the doctoring way in my time. 
 Layin’ on o’ hands is my best holt—for cancer, and paralysis, and 
 sich things; and I k’n tell a fortune pretty good, when I’ve got 
 somebody along to find out the facts for me. Preachin’s my line, 
 too; and workin’ camp-meetin’s; and missionaryin’ around.” 
 
 Nobody never said anything for awhile; then the young man 
 hove a sigh and says: 
 
 “Alas!” 
 
 121 
 
