together around, me, with their necks and noses stretched up 
 towards me, a-barking and howling; and more a-coming; you 
 could see them sailing over fences and around corners from 
 everywheres. 
 
 A nigger woman come tearing out of the kitchen with a roll¬ 
 ing-pin in her hand, singing out, “Begone! you Tige! you Spot! 
 begone, sah!” and she fetched first one and then another of them 
 a clip and sent him howling, and then the rest followed; and the 
 next second, half of them come back, wagging their tails around 
 me and making friends with me. There ain’t no harm in a hound, 
 nohow. 
 
 And behind the woman comes a little nigger girl and two little 
 nigger boys, without anything on but tow-linen shirts, and they 
 hung on to their mother’s gown, and peeped out from behind 
 her at me, bashful, the way they always do. And here comes the 
 white woman running from the house, about forty-five or fifty 
 year old, bareheaded, and her spinning-stick in her hand; and 
 behind her comes her little white children, acting the same way 
 the little niggers was doing. She was smiling all over so she could 
 hardly stand—and says: 
 
 “It’s you, at last!— ain’t it?” 
 
 I out with a “Yes’m,” before I thought. 
 
 She grabbed me and hugged me tight; and then gripped me by 
 both hands and shook and shook; and the tears come in her eyes, 
 and run down over; and she couldn’t seem to hug and shake 
 enough, and kept saying, “You don’t look as much like your 
 mother as I reckoned you would, but law sakes, I don’t care for 
 that, I’m 50 glad to see you! Dear, dear, it does seem like I could 
 eat you up! Children, it’s your Cousin Tom!—tell him howdy.” 
 
 But they ducked their heads, and put their fingers in their 
 mouths, and hid behind her. So she run on: 
 
 “Lize, hurry up and get him a hot breakfast, right away— 
 or did you get your breakfast on the boat?” 
 
 I said I had got it on the boat. So then she started for the house, 
 leading me by the hand, and the children tagging after. When 
 
 220 
 
