James Second, and Edward Second, and Richard Third, and forty 
 more; besides all them Saxon heptarchies that used to rip around 
 so in old times and raise Cain. My, you ought to seen old Henry 
 the Eight when he was in bloom. He was a blossom. He used to 
 marry a new wife every day, and chop off her head next morn¬ 
 ing. And he would do it just as indifferent as if he was ordering 
 up eggs. ‘Fetch up Nell Gwynn,’ he says. They fetch her up. 
 Next morning, ‘Chop off her head!’ And they chop it off. 
 ‘Fetch up Jane Shore,’ he says; and up she comes. Next morning, 
 ‘Chop off her head’—and they chop it off. ‘Ring up Fair Rosa- 
 mun.’ Fair Rosamun answers the bell. Next morning. ‘Chop off 
 her head.’ And he made every one of them tell him a tale every 
 night; and he kept that up till he had hogged a thousand and one 
 tales that way, and then lie put them all in a book, and called it 
 Domesday Book—which was a good name and stated the case. 
 You don’t know kings, Jim, but I know them; and this old rip 
 of ourn is one of the cleanest I’ve struck in history. Well, Henry, 
 he takes a notion he wants to get up some trouble with this 
 country. How does he go at it—give notice?—give the country 
 a show? No. All of a sudden he heaves all the tea in Boston 
 Harbour overboard, and whacks out a declaration of independ¬ 
 ence, and dares them to come on. That was his style—he never 
 give anybody a chance. He had suspicions of his father, the Duke 
 of Wellington. Well, what did he do?—ask him to show up? 
 No—drownded him in a butt of mamsey, like a cat. S’pose 
 people left money laying around where he was—what did he do? 
 He collared it. S’pose he contracted to do a tiring; and you paid 
 him, and didn’t set down there and see that he done it—what did 
 he do? He always done the other thing. S’pose he opened his 
 mouth—what then? If he didn’t shut it up powerful quick, he’d 
 lose a lie, every time. That’s the kind of a bug Henry was; and if 
 we’d a had him along ’stead of our kings, he’d a fooled that town 
 a heap worse than ourn done. I don’t say that ourn is lambs, 
 because they ain’t, when you come right down to the cold facts; 
 but they ain’t nothing to that old ram, anyway. All I say is, kings 
 
 154 
 
