told where the six thousand cash was laid, down cellar. So these 
 two frauds said they’d go and fetch it up, and have everything 
 square and above board; and told me to come with a candle. 
 We shut the cellar door behind us, and when they found the bag 
 they spilt it out on the floor, and it was a lovely sight, all them 
 yaller-boys. My, the way the king’s eyes did shine! He slaps the 
 duke on the shoulder, and says: 
 
 “Oh, this ain’t bully, nor noth’n! Oh, no I reckon not! Why, 
 Biljy, it beats the Nonesuch, don’t it?” 
 
 The duke allowed it did. They pawed the yaller-boys, and 
 sifted them through their fingers and let them jingle down on 
 the floor; and the king says: 
 
 “It ain’t no use talkin’; bein’ brothers to a rich dead man, and 
 representatives of furrin’ heirs that’s got left, is the line for you 
 and me, Bilge. Thish-yer comes of trust’n to Providence. It’s the 
 best way, in the long run. I’ve tried ’em all, and ther’ ain’t no 
 better way.” 
 
 Most everybody would a been satisfied with the pile, and took 
 it on trust; but no, they must count it. So they counts it, and it 
 comes out four hundred and fifteen dollars short. Says the king: 
 
 “Dern him, I wonder what he done with that four hundred 
 and fifteen dollars?” 
 
 They worried over that a while, and ransacked all around for 
 it. Then the duke says: 
 
 “Well, he was a pretty sick man, and likely he made a mistake 
 —I reckon that’s the way of it. The best way’s to let it go, and 
 keep still about it. We can spare it.” 
 
 “Oh, shucks, yes, we can spare it. I don’t k’yer noth’n ’bout 
 that—it’s the count I’m thinkin’ about. We want to be awful 
 square and open and above-board, here, you know. We want to 
 lug this h-yer money upstairs and count it before everybody— 
 then ther’ ain’t noth’n suspicious. But when the dead man says 
 there’s six thousand dollars, you know, we don’t want to-” 
 
 “Hold on,” says the duke. “Les make up the deffisit”—and he 
 begun to haul out yaller-boys out of Inis pocket. 
 
