very broad shoulders and brown faces, and long black hair and 
 black eyes. They dressed in white linen from head to foot, hke 
 the old gentleman, and wore broad Panama hats. 
 
 Then there was Miss Charlotte, she was twenty-five, and tall 
 and proud and grand, but as good as she could be, when she 
 warn’t stirred up; but when she was, she had a look that would 
 make you wilt in your tracks, hke her father. She was beautiful. 
 
 So was her sister, Miss Sophia, but it was a different kind. She 
 was gentle and sweet, hke a dove, and she was only twenty. 
 
 Each person had their own nigger to wait on them—Buck, 
 too. My nigger had a monstrous easy time, because I warn’t used 
 to having anybody do anything for me, but Buck’s was on the 
 jump most of the time. 
 
 This was all there was of the family, now; but there used to 
 be more—three sons; they got killed; and Emmeline that died. 
 
 The old gentleman owned a lot of farms, and over a hundred 
 niggers. Sometimes a stack of people would come there, horse¬ 
 back, from ten or fifteen mile around, and stay five or six days, 
 and have such junketings round about and on the river, and 
 dances and picnics in the woods, day-times, and balls at the 
 house, nights. These people was mostly kin-folks of the family. 
 The men brought their guns with them. It was a handsome lot 
 of quality, I tell you. 
 
 There was another clan of aristocracy around there—five or 
 six families—mostly of the name of Shepherdson. They was as 
 high-toned, and well bom, and rich and grand, as the tribe of 
 Grangerfords. The Shepherdsons and the Grangerfords used the 
 same steamboat landing, which was about two mile above our 
 house; so sometimes when I went up there with a lot of our folks 
 I used to see a lot of the Shepherdsons there, on their fine horses. 
 
 One day Buck and me was away out in the woods, hunting, 
 and heard a horse coming. We was crossing the road. Buck says: 
 
 “Quick! Jump for the woods!” 
 
 We done it, and then peeped down the woods through the 
 leaves. Pretty soon a splendid young man come galloping down 
 
 106 
 
