He catched me a couple of times and thrashed me, but I went to 
 school just the same, and dodged him or out-run him most of 
 the time. I didn’t want to go to school much, before, but I 
 reckoned I’d go now to spite pap. That law trial was a slow busi¬ 
 ness; appeared like they warn’t ever going to get started on it; 
 so every now and then I’d borrow two or three dollars off of 
 the judge for him, to keep from getting a cowhiding. Every time 
 he got money he got drunk; and every time he got drunk he 
 raised Cain around town; and every time he raised Cain he got 
 jailed. He was just suited—this kind of thing was right in his line. 
 
 He got to hanging around the widow’s too much, and so she 
 told him at last, that if he didn’t quit using around there she 
 would make trouble for him. Well, wasn't he mad? He said he 
 would show who was Huck Finn’s boss. So he watched out for 
 me one day in the spring, and catched me, and took me up the 
 river about three mile, in a skiff, and crossed over to the Illinois 
 shore where it was woody and there warn’t no houses but an 
 old log hut in a place where the timber was so thick you couldn’t 
 find it if you didn’t know where it was. 
 
 He kept me with him all the time, and I never got a chance to 
 run off. We lived in that old cabin, and he always locked the door 
 and put the key under his head, nights. He had a gun which he 
 had stole, I reckon, and we fished and hunted, and that was what 
 we lived on. Every little while he locked me in and went down 
 to the store, three miles to the ferry, and traded fish and game for 
 whisky and fetched it home and got drunk and had a good time, 
 and licked me. The widow she found out where I was by and 
 by, and she sent a man over to try to get hold of me, but pap 
 drove him off with the gun, and it warn’t long after that till I was 
 used to being where I was, and liked it, all but the cowhide part. 
 
 It was kind of lazy and jolly, laying off comfortable all day, 
 smoking and fishing, and no books nor study. Two months or 
 more run along, and my clothes got to be all rags and dirt, and 
 I didn’t see how I’d ever got to like it so well at the widow’s, 
 where you had to wash, and eat on a plate, and comb up, and 
 
 23 
 
