common sort and women; the best authorities uses their own 
 blood. Jim can do that; and when he wants to send any little 
 common ordinary mysterious message to let the world know 
 where he’s captivated, he can write it on the bottom of a tin 
 plate with a fork and throw it out of the window. The Iron Mask 
 always done that, and it’s a blame’ good way, too.” 
 
 “Jim ain’t got no tin plates. They feed him in a pan.” 
 
 “That ain’t anything; we can get him some.” 
 
 “Can’t nobody read Inis plates?” 
 
 “That ain’t got nothing to do with it, Huck Finn. All he's got 
 to do is to write on the plate and throw it out. You don’t have 
 to be able to read it. Why, half the time you can’t read anything 
 a prisoner writes on a tin plate, or anywhere else.” 
 
 “Well, then, what’s the sense in wasting the plates?” 
 
 “Why, blame it all, it ain’t the prisoner’s plates.” 
 
 “But it’s somebody’s plates, ain’t it?” 
 
 “Well spos’n it is? What does the prisoner care whose-” 
 
 He broke off there, because we heard the breakfast-horn blow¬ 
 ing. So we cleared out for the house. 
 
 Along during that morning I borrowed a sheet and a white 
 shirt off of the clothes-line; and I found an old sack and put them 
 in it, and we went down and got the fox-fire, and put that in too. 
 I called it borrowing, because that was what pap always called it; 
 but Tom said it warn’t borrowing, it was stealing. He said we 
 was representing prisoners; and prisoners don’t care how they 
 get a thing so they get it, and nobody don’t blame them for it, 
 either. It ain’t no crime in a prisoner to steal the thing he needs 
 to get away with, Tom said; it’s his right; and so, as long as we 
 was representing a prisoner, we had a perfect right to steal any¬ 
 thing on this place we had the least use for, to get ourselves out of 
 prison with. He said if we warn’t prisoners it would be a very 
 different thing, and nobody but a mean ornery person would 
 steal when he warn’t a prisoner. So we allowed we would steal 
 everything there was that come handy. And yet he made a 
 mighty fuss, one day, after that, when I stole a watermelon out 
 
 242 
 
