hunted me up and said he was going to start a band of robbers, 
 and I might join if I would go back to the widow and be respect¬ 
 able. So I went back. 
 
 The widow she cried over me, and called me a poor lost lamb, 
 and she called me a lot of other names, too, but she never meant 
 no harm by it. She put me in them new clothes again, and I 
 couldn’t do nothing but sweat and sweat, and feel all cramped 
 up. Well, then, the old thing commenced again. «The.,widow 
 rung a bell for supper, and you had to come to time. When you 
 got to the table you couldn’t go right to eating, but you had tp 
 wait for the widowTcTtuck down her head and grumble a little 
 over the victuals, though there warn’t really anything -the 
 matter with them. That is, nothing only everything was cooked 
 by itself. In a barrel of odds and ends it is different; things get 
 mixed up, and the juice kind of swaps around, and the things go 
 better. 
 
 ^^After supper she got out her book and learned me about Moses 
 y and the “Bulrushers”; and I was in a sweat to find out all about 
 him; but by and by she let it out that Moses had been dead a 
 \ considerable long time; so then I didn’t care no more about him; 
 ybecause I don’t take no stock in dead people. 
 
 Pretty soon I wanted to smoke, and asked the widow to let me. 
 But she wouldn’t. She said it was a mean practice and wasn’t 
 clean, and I must try to not do it any more. That is just the way 
 with some people. They get down on a thing when they don’t 
 know nothing about it. fler e she was a-bothering about Moses, 
 which was no kin to her, and no use to anybody, being gone, 
 you see, yet findin g-a p ower of Fault with unefbr' doln g a thing 
 that had «ime^good in it. And she took snuff too; of course that 
 was all right, because she done it herself. 
 
 Her sister, Miss Watson, a tolerable slim old maid, with goggles 
 on, had just come to live with her, and took a set at me now, 
 with a spelling book. She worked me middling hard for about 
 an hour, and then the widow made her ease up. I couldn’t stood 
 it much longer. Then for an hour it was deadly dull, and I was 
 
 2 
 
