Miss Hooker she made a grab and got aboard the wreck. Well, 
 about an hour after dark, we come along down in our trading- 
 scow, and it was so dark we didn’t notice the wreck till we was 
 right on it; and so we saddle-baggsed; but all of us was saved but 
 Bill Whipple—and oh, he was the best cretur!—I most wisht it 
 had been me, I do.” 
 
 “My George! It’s the beatenest thing I ever struck. And then 
 what did you all do?” 
 
 “Well, we hollered and took on, but it’s so wide there, we 
 couldn’t make nobody hear. So pap said somebody got to get 
 ashore and get help somehow. I was the only one that could 
 swim, so I made a dash for it, and Miss Hooker she said if I didn’t 
 strike help sooner, come here and hunt up her uncle, and he’d fix 
 the thing. I made the land about a mile below, and been fooling 
 along ever since, trying to get people to do something, but they 
 said, What, in such a night and such a current? there ain’t no 
 sense in it; go for the steam-ferry.’ Now if you’ll go, and-” 
 
 “By Jackson, I’d like to, and blame it I don’t know but I will; 
 but who in the ’dingnation’s a-goin’ to pay for it? Do you reckon 
 your pap-” 
 
 “Why, that's all right. Miss Hooker she told me, particular, that 
 her Uncle Hornback-” 
 
 “Great guns! is he her uncle? Looky here, you break for that 
 light over yonder-way, and turn out west when you git there, 
 and about a quarter of a mile out you’ll come to the tavern; tell 
 ’em to dart you out to Jim Hornback’s and he’ll foot the bill. And 
 don’t you fool around any, because he’ll want to know the news. 
 Tell him I’ll have Iris niece all safe before he can get to town. 
 Hump yourself, now; I’m a-going up around the corner here, to 
 roust out my engineer.” 
 
 I struck for the light, but as soon as he turned the corner I went 
 back and got into my skiff and baled her out and then pulled up 
 shore in the easy water about six hundred yards, and tucked 
 myself in among some woodboats; for I couldn’t rest easy till I 
 could see the ferry-boat start. But take it all around, I was feeling 
 
 74 
 
