burnt up and the ashes scattered all around, and his name blotted 
 off of the list with blood and never mentioned again by the gang, 
 but have a curse put on it and be forgot, for ever, ff 
 
 Everybody said it was a real beautiful oath, and asked Tom 
 if he got it out of Iris own head. He said, some of it, but the 
 rest was out of pirate books, and robber books, and every gang 
 that was high-toned had it. 
 
 Some thought it would be good to kill the families of boys that 
 told the secrets. Tom said it was a good idea, so he took a pencil 
 and wrote it in. Then Ben Rogers says: “Here’s Huck Finn, he 
 hain’t got no family—what you going to do ’bout him?” 
 
 “Well, hain’t he got a father?” says Tom Sawyer. 
 
 “Yes, he’s got a father, but you can’t never find him, these 
 days. He used to lay drunk with the hogs in the tanyard, but he 
 hain’t been seen in these parts for a year or more.” 
 
 They talked it over, and they was going to rule me out, because 
 they said every boy must have a family or somebody to kill, or 
 else it wouldn’t be fair and square for the others. Well, nobody 
 could think of anything to do—everybody was stumped, and set 
 still. I was most ready to cry; but all at once I thought of a way, 
 and so I offered them Miss Watson—they could kill her. Every¬ 
 body said: t 
 
 “Oh, she’ll do, she’ll do. That’s all right. Huck can come in.” 
 
 Then they all stuck a pin in their fingers to get blood to sign 
 with, and I made my mark on the paper. 
 
 “Now,” says Ben Rogers, “what’s the line of business of this 
 Gang?” 
 
 “Nothing only robbery and murder,” Tom said. 
 
 “But who are we going to rob? houses—or cattle—or-” 
 
 “Stuff! stealing cattle and such tilings ain’t robbery, it’s burg¬ 
 lary,” says Tom Sawyer. “We ain’t burglars. That ain’t no sort 
 of style. We are highwaymen. We stop stages and carriages on 
 the road, with masks on, and kill the people and take their 
 watches and money.” 
 
 “Must we always kill the people?” 
 
