««r* • f” 
 
 Jim! 
 
 “But mind, you said you wouldn’t tell—you know you said 
 you wouldn’t tell, Huck.” 
 
 “Well, I did. I said I wouldn’t, and I’ll stick to it. Honest injun 
 I will. People would call me a low down Ablitionist and despise 
 me for keeping mum—but that don’t make no difference. I ain’t 
 a-going to tell, and I ain’t a-going back there anyways. So now, 
 le’s know all about it.” 
 
 “Well, you see, it ’uz dis way. Ole Missus—dat’s Miss Watson 
 —she pecks on me all de time, en treats me pooty rough, but she 
 awluz said she wouldn’ sell me down to Orleans. But I noticed 
 dey wuz a nigger trader roun’ de place considable, lately, en I 
 begin to git oneasy. Well, one night I creeps to de do’, pooty 
 late, en de do’ warn’t quite shet, en I hear ole missus tell the 
 widder she gwyne to sell me down to Orleans, but she didn’ 
 want to, but she could git eight hund’d dollars for me, en it ’uz 
 sich a big stack o’ money she couldn’ resis’. De widder she try 
 to git her to say she wouldn’ do it, but I never waited to hear 
 de res’. I lit out mighty quick, I tell you. 
 
 “I tuck out en shin down de hill en ’spec to steal a skift ’long 
 de sho’ som’ers ’bove de town, but dey wuz people a-stirrin’ 
 yit, so I laid in de ole tumbledown cooper shop on de bank to 
 wait for everybody to go ’way. Well, I wuz dah all night. Dey 
 wuz somebody roun’ all de time. ’Long ’bout six in the 
 mawnin’, skifts begin to go by, en ’bout eight or nine every skift 
 dat went ’long wuz talkin’ ’bout how yo’ pap come over to de 
 town en say you’s killed. Dese las’ skifts wuz full o’ ladies en 
 genlmen a-goin’ over for to see de place. Sometimes dey’d pull 
 up at de sho’ en take a res’ b’fo’ dey started acrost, so by de talk 
 I got to know all ’bout de killin’. I ’uz powerful sorry you’s 
 killed, Huck, but I ain’t no mo’, now. 
 
 “I laid dah under de shavins all day. I ’uz hungry, but I warn’t 
 afeared; bekase I knowed ole missus en de widder wuz goin’ to 
 start to de camp-meetn’ right arter breakfas’ en be gone all day, 
 en dey knows I goes off wid de cattle ’bout daylight, so dey 
 
 43 
 
