after every last snake had been gone clear out of the house for as 
 much as a week, Aunt Sally warn’t over it yet; she warn’t near 
 over it; when she was setting thinking about something, you 
 could touch her on the back of her neck with a feather and she 
 would jump right out of her stockings. It was very curious. But 
 Tom said all women was just so. He said they was made that 
 way; for some reason or other. 
 
 We got a licking every time one of our snakes come in her 
 way; and she allowed these lickings warn’t nothing to what she 
 would do if we ever loaded up the place again with them. I 
 didn’t mind the lickings, because they didn’t amount to nothing; 
 but I minded the trouble we had, to lay in another lot. But we 
 got them laid in, and all the other tilings; and you never see a 
 cabin as blithesome as Jim’s was when they’d all swarm out for 
 music and go for him. Jim didn’t like the spiders, and the spiders 
 didn’t like Jim; and so they’d lay for him and make it mighty 
 warm for him. And he said that between the rats, and the snakes, 
 and the grindstone, there wam’t no room in bed for him, skasely; 
 and when there was, a body couldn’t sleep, it was so lively, and 
 it was always lively, he said, because they never all slept at one 
 time, but took turn about, so when the snakes was asleep the 
 rats was on deck, and when the rats turned in the snakes come 
 on watch, so he always had one gang under him, in Inis way, and 
 t’other gang having a circus over him, and if he got up to hunt a 
 new place, the spiders would take a chance at him as he crossed 
 over. He said if he ever got out, this time, he wouldn’t ever be 
 a prisoner again, not for a salary. 
 
 Well, by the end of three weeks, every tiling was in pretty 
 good shape. The shirt was sent in early, in a pie, and every time 
 a rat bit Jim he would get up and write a little in his journal 
 whilst the ink was fresh; the pens was made, the inscriptions and 
 so on was all carved on the grindstone; the bed-leg was sawed in 
 two, and we had et up the sawdust, and it give us a most amazing 
 stomach-ache. We reckoned we was all going to die, but didn’t. 
 It was the most indigestible sawdust I ever see; and Tom said 
 
 2 66 
 
