and yet I’d a sold her for fifteen before, and thought ’twas all she 
 was worth.” 
 
 That’s all he said. He was the innocentest, best old soul I ever 
 see. But it warn’t surprising because he warn’t only just a farmer, 
 he was a preacher, too, and had a little one-horse log church 
 down back of the plantation, which he built it himself at his 
 own expense, for a church and school-house, and never charged 
 nothing for his preaching, and it was worth it, too. There was 
 plenty other farmer-preachers like that, and done the same way, 
 down South. 
 
 In about half an hour Tom’s wagon drove up to the front 
 stile, and Aunt Sally she see it through the window because it 
 was only about fifty yards, and says: 
 
 “Why, there’s somebody come! I wonder who ’tis? Why, 
 I do believe it’s a stranger. Jimmy” (that’s one of the children), 
 “run and tell Lize to put on another plate for dinner.” 
 
 Everybody made a rush for the front door, because, of course, 
 a stranger don’t come every year, and so he lays over the yaller 
 fever, for interest, when he does come. Tom was over the stile 
 and starting for the house; the wagon was spinning up the road 
 for the village, and we was all bunched in the front door. Tom 
 had his store clothes on, and an audience—and that was always 
 nuts for Tom Sawyer. In them circumstances it warn’t no 
 trouble to him to throw in an amount of style that was suitable. 
 He warn’t a boy to meeky along up that yard like a sheep; no, 
 he come calm and important, like the ram. When he got afront 
 of us, he lifts his hat ever so gracious and dainty, like it was the 
 lid of a box that had butterflies asleep in it, and he didn’t want 
 to disturb them, and says: 
 
 “Mr. Archibald Nichols, I presume?” 
 
 “No, my boy,” says the old gentleman, “I’m sorry to say’t 
 your driver has deceived you; Nichols’s place is down a matter 
 of three mile more. Come in, come in.” 
 
 Tom he took a look back over his shoulder, and says, “Too 
 late—he’s out of sight.” 
 
 227 
 
