this minute, how did they git that grindstone in there, s’l. With¬ 
 out help, mind you—’thout help ! Thar's wher’ ’tis. Don’t tell me, 
 s’l; there wuz help, s’l; ’n’ ther’ wuz a plenty help, too, s’l; ther’s 
 ben a dozen a-helpin’ that nigger, ’n’ I lay I’d skin every last 
 nigger on this place, but I’d find out who done it, s’l; ’n’ more¬ 
 over, s’l-” 
 
 “A dozen says you \—forty couldn’t a done everything that’s 
 been done. Look at them case-knife saws and things, how tedious 
 they’ve been made; look at that bed-leg sawed off with’m, a 
 week’s work for six men; look at that nigger made out’n straw 
 on the bed; and look at-” 
 
 “You may well say it, Brer Hightower! It’sjist as I was a-sayin’ 
 to Brer Phelps, his own self. S’e, what do you think of it, Sister 
 Hotchkiss, s’e? think o’ what. Brer Phelps, s’l? think o’ that bed- 
 leg sawed off that a way, s’e? think of it, s’l? I lay it never sawed 
 itself off, s’l —somebody sawed it, s’l; that’s my opinion, take it 
 or leave it, it mayn’t be no ’count, s’l, but sich as ’tis, it’s my 
 opinion, s’l, ’n’ if anybody k’n start a better one, s’l, let him 
 do it, s’l, that’s all. I says to Sister Dunlap, s’l-” 
 
 “Why, dog my cats, they must a ben a house-full o’ niggers 
 in there every night for four weeks, to a done all that work, 
 Sister Phelps. Look at that shirt—every last inch of it kivered 
 over with secret African writ’n done with blood! Must a ben a 
 raft uv ’em at it right along, all the time, amost. Why I’d give 
 two dollars to have it read to me; ’n’ as for the niggers that wrote 
 it, I ’low I’d take ’n’ lash’m t’ll-” 
 
 “People to help him, Brother Marples! Well, I reckon you’d 
 think so, if you’d a been int his house for a while back. Why, 
 they’ve stole everything they could lay their hands on—and we 
 a-watching, all the time, mind you. They stole that shirt right off 
 o’ the line! and as for that sheet they made the rag ladder out of 
 ther’ ain’t no telling how many times they didn’t steal that; and 
 flour, and candles, and candlesticks, and spoons, and the old 
 warming-pan, and most a thousand things that I disremember, 
 now, and my new calico dress; and me, and Silas, and my Sid 
 
 279 
 
