headed nabob in the State. And what do you think? they said 
 he was a p’fessor in a college, and could talk all kinds of languages, 
 and knowed everything. And that ain’t the wust. They said he 
 could vote, when he was at home. Well, that let me out. Thinks 
 I, what is the country a-coming to? It was ’lection day, and I 
 was just about to go and vote, myself, if I warn’t too drunk to 
 get there; but when they told me there was a State in this country 
 where they’d let that nigger vote, I drawed out. I says I’ll never 
 vote agin. Them’s the very words I said; they all heard me; and 
 the country may rot for all me—I’ll never vote agin as long as 
 I live. And to see the cool way of that nigger—why, he wouldn’t 
 a give me the road if I hadn’t shoved him out o’ the way. I says 
 to the people, why ain’t this nigger put up at auction and sold? 
 —that’s what I want to know. And what do you reckon they 
 said? Why, they said he couldn’t be sold till he’d been in the 
 State six months, and he hadn’t been there that long yet. There, 
 now—that’s a specimen.They call that a govment that can’t sell 
 a free nigger till he’s been in the State six months. Here’s a 
 govment that calls itself a govment, and lets on to be a govment, 
 and thinks it is a govment, and yet’s got to set stock-still for six 
 whole months before it can take ahold of a prowling, thieving, 
 
 infernal, white-shirted free nigger, and-” 
 
 Pap was agoing on so, he never noticed where his old limber 
 legs was taking him to, so he went head over heels over the tub 
 of salt pork, and barked both shins, and the rest of his speech was 
 all the hottest kind of language—mostly hove at the nigger and 
 the govment, though he give the tubs some, too, all along, here 
 and there. He hopped around the cabin considerable, first on one 
 leg and then on the other, holding first one shin and then the 
 other one, and at last he let out with his left foot all of a sudden 
 and fetched the tub a rattling kick. But it warn’t good judgment, 
 because that was the boot that had a couple of his toes leaking 
 out of the front end of it; so now he raised a howl that fairly 
 made a body’s hair raise, and down he went in the dirt, and 
 rolled there, and held his toes; and the cussing he done then laid 
 
 27 
 
