and still, and then along comes a steamboat up the river. We lit 
 the lantern, and judged she would see it. Up-stream boats didn’t 
 generly come close to us; they go out and follow the bars and 
 hunt for easy water under the reefs; but nights like this they bull 
 right up the channel against the whole river. 
 
 We could hear her pounding along, but we didn’t see her good 
 till she was close. She aimed right for us. Often they do that and 
 try to see how close they can come without touching; sometimes 
 the wheel bites off a sweep, and then the pilot sticks his head out 
 and laughs, and thinks he’s mighty smart. Well, here she comes, 
 and we said she was going to try to shave us; but she didn’t 
 seem to be sheering off a bit. She was a big one, and she was 
 coming in a hurry, too, looking like a black cloud with rows of 
 glow-worms around it; but all of a sudden she bulged out, big 
 and scary, with a long row of wide-open furnace doors shining 
 like red-hot teeth, and her monstrous bows and guards hanging 
 right over us. There was a yell at us, and a jingling of bells to 
 stop the engines, a pow-wow of cussing, and whistling of steam 
 —and as Jim went overboard on one side and I on the other, 
 she come smashing straight through the raft. 
 
 I dived—and I aimed to find the bottom, too, for a thirty-foot 
 wheel had got to go over me, and I wanted it to have plenty of 
 room. I could always stay under water a minute; this time I 
 reckon I stayed under water a minute and a half. Then I 
 bounced for the top in a hurry, for I was nearly busting. I popped 
 out to my arm-pits and blowed the water out of my nose, and 
 puffed a bit. Of course there was a booming current; and of 
 course that boat started her engines again ten seconds after she 
 stopped them, for they never cared much for raftsmen; so now 
 she was churning along up the river, out of sight in the thick 
 weather, though I could hear her. 
 
 I sung out for Jim about a dozen times, but I didn’t get any 
 answer; so I grabbed a plank that touched me while I was 
 “treading water,” and struck out for shore, shoving it ahead of 
 me. But I made out to see that the drift of the current was 
 
 94 
 
