by that time, so Jim he said he would stand the first half of it for 
 me; he was always mighty good that way, Jim was. I crawled 
 into the wigwam, but the king and the duke had their legs 
 sprawled around so there warn’t no show for me; so I laid out¬ 
 side—I didn’t mind the rain, because it was warm, and the waves 
 warn’t running so high, now. About two they come up again, 
 though, and Jim was going to call me, but he changed his mind 
 because he reckoned they warn’t high enough yet to do any 
 harm; but he was mistaken about that, for pretty soon all of a 
 sudden along comes a regular ripper, and washed me overboard. 
 It most killed Jim a-laughing. He was the easiest nigger to laugh 
 that ever was, anyway. 
 
 I took the watch, and Jim he laid down and snored away; and 
 by and by the storm let up for good and all; and the first cabin- 
 light that showed, I rousted him out and we slid the raft into 
 hiding-quarters for the day. 
 
 The king got out an old ratty deck of cards, after breakfast, 
 and him and the duke played seven-up a while, five cents a game. 
 Then they got tired of it, and allowed they would “lay out a 
 campaign,” as they called it. The duke went down into his 
 carpet-bag and fetched up a lot of little printed bills, and read 
 them out loud. One bill said “The celebrated Dr. Armand de 
 Montalban, of Paris,” would “lecture on the Science of Phreno¬ 
 logy” at such and such a place, on the blank day of blank, at 
 ten cents admission, and “furnish charts of character at twenty- 
 five cents apiece.” The duke said that was him. In another bill he 
 was the “world-renowned Shakspearean tragedian, Garrick the 
 Younger, of Drury Lane, London.” In other bills he had a lot of 
 other names and done other wonderful things, like finding water 
 and gold with a “divining rod,” “dissipating witch-spells,” and 
 so on. By and by he says: 
 
 “But the histrionic muse is the darling. Have you ever trod 
 the boards, Royalty?” 
 
 “No,” says the king. 
 
 “You shall, then, before you’re three days older, Fallen Gran- 
 
 128 
 
