I thought I was a goner, for whenever anybody was after any¬ 
 body I judged it was me —or maybe Jim. I was about to dig out 
 from there in a hurry, but they was pretty close to me then, and 
 sung out and begged me to save their lives—said they hadn’t 
 been doing nothing, and was being chased for it—said there was 
 men and dogs a-coming. They wanted to jump right in, but 
 I says: 
 
 “Don’t you do it. I don’t hear the dogs and horses yet; you’ve 
 got time to crowd through the brush and get up the crick a 
 little ways; then you take to the water and wade down to me 
 and get in—that’ll throw the dogs off the scent.” 
 
 They done it, and soon as they was aboard I lit out for our 
 tow-head, and in about five or ten minutes we heard the dogs 
 and the men away off, shouting. We heard them come along 
 towards the crick, but couldn’t see them; they seemed to stop 
 and fool around awhile; then, as we got further and further away 
 all the time, we couldn’t hardly hear them at all; by the time we 
 had left a mile of woods behind us and struck the river, every¬ 
 thing was quiet, and we paddled over to the tow-head and hid 
 in the cotton-woods and was safe. 
 
 One of these fellows was about seventy, or upwards, and had 
 a bald head and very grey whiskers. He had an old battered-up 
 slouch hat on, and a greasy blue woollen shirt, and ragged old 
 blue jeans britches stuffed into his boot tops, and home-knit gal¬ 
 luses—no, he only had one. He had an old long-tailed blue jeans 
 coat with slick brass buttons, flung over his arm, and both of 
 them had big fat ratty-looking carpet-bags. 
 
 The other fellow was about thirty and dressed about as ornery. 
 After breakfast we all laid off and talked, and the first thing that 
 come out was that these chaps didn’t know one another. 
 
 “What got you into trouble?” says the baldhead to t’other 
 chap. 
 
 “Well, I’d been selling an article to take the tartar off the teeth 
 —and it does take it off, too, and generly the enamel along with 
 it—but I stayed about one night longer than I ought to, and was 
 
 120 
 
