was ways to put it off a long time, and Judge Thatcher knowed 
 how to do it. And he said people allowed there’d be another 
 trial to get me away from him and give me to the widow for 
 my guardian, and they guessed it would win, this time. This 
 shook me up considerable, because I didn’t want to go back to 
 the widow’s any more and be so cramped up, and civilized, as 
 they called it. Then the old man got to cussing, and cussed every¬ 
 thing and everybody he could think of, and then cussed them all 
 over again to make sure he hadn’t skipped any, and after that he 
 polished off with a kind of a general cuss all round, including a 
 considerable parcel of people which he didn’t know the names 
 of, and so called them what’s-his-name, when he got to them, 
 and went right along with his cussing. 
 
 He said he would like to see the widow get me. He said he 
 would watch out, and if they tried to come any such game on 
 him he knowed of a place six or seven mile off, to stow me in, 
 where they might hunt till they dropped and they couldn’t find 
 me. That made me pretty uneasy again, but only for a minute; 
 I reckoned I wouldn’t stay on hand till he got that chance. 
 
 The old man made me go to the skiff and fetch the things he 
 had got. There was a fifty-pound sack of corn meal, and a side 
 of bacon, ammunition, and a four-gallon jug of whisky, and an 
 old book and two newspapers for wadding, besides some tow. 
 I toted up a load, and went back and set down on the bow of the 
 skiff to rest. I thought it all over, and I reckoned I would walk 
 off with the gun and some lines, and take to the woods when I 
 run away. I guessed I wouldn’t stay in one place, but just tramp 
 right across the country, mostly night times, and hunt and fish 
 to keep alive, and so get so far away that the old man nor the 
 widow couldn’t ever find me any more. I judged I would saw 
 out and leave that night if pap got drunk enough, and I reckoned 
 he would. I got so full of it I didn’t notice how long I was staying, 
 till the old man hollered and asked me whether I was asleep or 
 drownded. 
 
 I got the tilings all up to the cabin, and then it was about dark. 
 
 25 
 
