“Hurry! hurry!” I says. “Where’s Jim?” 
 
 “Right at your elbow; if you reach out your arm you can 
 touch him. He’s dressed, and everything’s ready. Now we’ll slide 
 out and give the sheep-signal.” 
 
 But then we heard the tramp of men, coming to the door, and 
 heard them begin to fumble with the padlock; and heard a 
 man say: 
 
 “I told you we’d be too soon; they haven’t come—the door 
 is locked. Here, I’ll lock some of you into the cabin and you lay 
 for ’em in the dark and kill ’em when they come; and the 
 rest scatter around a piece, and listen if you can hear ’em 
 coming.” 
 
 So in they come, but couldn’t see us in the dark, and most 
 trod on us whilst we was hustling to get under the bed. But we 
 got under all right, and out through the hole, swift but soft— 
 Jim first, me next, and Tom last, winch was according to Tom’s 
 orders. Now we was in the lean-to, and heard trampings close 
 by outside. So we crept to the door, and Tom stopped us there 
 and put his eye to the crack, but couldn’t make out nothing, it 
 was so dark; and whispered and said he would hsten for the steps 
 to get further, and when he nudged us Jim must glide out first, 
 and him last. So he set his ear to the crack and listened, and 
 listened, and listened, and the steps a-scraping around, out there, 
 all the time; and at last he nudged us, and we slid out. and 
 stooped down, not breathing, and not making the least noise, 
 and shpped stealthy towards the fence, in Injun file, and got to 
 it, all right, and me and Jim over it; but Tom’s britches catched 
 fast on a splinter on the top rail, and then he hear the steps 
 coming, so he had to pull loose, which snapped the splinter and 
 made a noise; and as he dropped in our tracks and started, some¬ 
 body sings out: 
 
 “Who’s that? Answer, or I’ll shoot!” 
 
 But we didn’t answer; we just unfurled our heels and shoved. 
 Then there was a rush, and a bang, bang, bangl and the bullets 
 fairly whizzed around us! We heard them sing out: 
 
 A.H.F. 273 K* 
 
