easy and comfortable—there must a been twenty of them—and 
 every lady with a lovely complexion, and perfectly beautiful, and 
 looking just like a gang of real sure-enough queens, and dressed 
 in clothes that cost millions of dollars, and just littered with 
 diamonds. It was a powerful fine sight; I never see anything so 
 lovely. And then one by one they got up and stood, and went 
 a-weaving around the ring so gentle and wavy and graceful, the 
 men looking ever so tall and airy and straight, with their heads 
 bobbing and skimming along, away up there under the tent-roof, 
 and every lady’s rose-leafy dress flapping soft and silky around 
 her hips, and she looking like the most loveliest parasol. 
 
 And then faster and faster they went, all of them dancing, first 
 one foot stuck out in the air and then the other, the horses leaning 
 more and more, and the ring-master going round and round the 
 centre-pole, cracking his whip and shouting “hi!—hi!” and the 
 clown cracking jokes behind him; and by and by all hands 
 dropped the reins, and every lady put her knuckles on her hips 
 and every gentleman folded his arms, and then how the horses 
 did lean over and hump themselves? And so, one after the other 
 they all skipped off into the ring, and made the sweetest bow I 
 ever see, and then scampered out, and everybody clapped their 
 hands and went just about wild. 
 
 Well, all through the circus they done the most astonishing 
 things; and all the time that clown carried on so it most killed 
 the people. The ring-master couldn’t ever say a word to him but 
 he was back at him quick as a wink with the funniest things a 
 body ever said; and how he ever could think of so many of them, 
 and so sudden and so pat, was what I couldn’t noway understand. 
 Why, I couldn’t a thought of them in a year. And by and by a 
 drunk man tried to get into the ring—said he wanted to ride; said 
 he could ride as well as anybody that ever was. They argued and 
 tried to keep him out, but he wouldn’t listen, and the whole show 
 come to a standstill. Then the people begun to holler at him and 
 make fun of him, and that made him mad, and he begun to rip 
 and tear; so that stirred up the people, and a lot of men begun to 
 
 148 
 
