“Have you seen anybody else go in there?” 
 
 “No, your grace, not as I remember, I believe.” 
 
 “Stop and think.” 
 
 I studied a while, and see my chance, then I says: 
 
 “Well, I see the niggers go in there several times.” 
 
 Both of them give a little jump; and looked like they hadn’t 
 ever expected it, and then like they had. Then the duke says: 
 
 “What, all of them?” 
 
 “No—leastways not all at once. That is, I don’t think I ever 
 see them all come out at once but just one time.” 
 
 “Hallo—when was that?” 
 
 “It was the day we had the funeral. In the morning. It warn’t 
 early, because I overslept. I was just starting down the ladder, 
 and I see them.” 
 
 “Well, go on, go on—what did they do? How’d they act?” 
 
 “They didn’t do nothing. And they didn’t act any way, much, 
 as fur as I see. They tiptoed away; so I seen, easy enough, that 
 they’d shoved in there to do up your majesty’s room, or some¬ 
 thing, s’posing you was up; and found you warrit up, and so 
 they was hoping to slide out of the way of trouble without wak¬ 
 ing you up, if they hadn’t already waked you up.” 
 
 “Great guns, this is a go!” says the king; and both of them 
 looked pretty sick and tolerable silly. They stood there a-thinking 
 and scratching their heads a minute, and then the duke he bust 
 into a kind of a little raspy chuckle, and says: 
 
 “It does beat all, how neat the niggers played their hand. They 
 let on to be sorry they was going out of this region! and I believed 
 they was sorry. And so did you, and so did everybody. Don’t 
 ever tell me any more that a nigger ain’t got any histrionic talent. 
 Whv, the way they played that thing, it would fool anybody. In 
 my opinion there’s a fortune in ’em. If I had capital and a theatre, 
 I wouldn’t want a better lay out than that—and here we’ve gone 
 and sold ’em for a song. Yes, and ain’t privileged to sing the song, 
 yet. Say, where is that song?—that draft?” 
 
 “In the bank for to be collected. Where would it be?” 
 
 184 
 
