I felt good and all washed clean of sin for the first time I had 
 ever felt so in my life, and I knowed I could pray now. But I 
 didn’t do it straight off, but laid the paper down and set there 
 thinking—drinking how good it was all this happened so, and 
 how near I come to being lost and going to hell. And went on 
 thinking. And got to thinking over our trip down the river; and 
 I see Jim before me, all the time, in the day, and in the night¬ 
 time, sometimes moonlight, sometimes storms, and we a-floating 
 along, talking, and singing, and laughing. But somehow I 
 couldn’t seem to strike no places to harden me against him, but 
 only the other kind. I’d see him standing my watch on top of 
 his’n, stead of calling me, so I could go on sleeping; and see him 
 how glad he was when I come back out of the fog; and when I 
 come to him again in the swamp, up there where the feud was; 
 and such-like times; and would always call me honey, and pet 
 me, and do everything he could think of for me, and how good 
 he always was; and at last I struck the time I saved him by telling 
 the men we had smallpox aboard, and he was so grateful, and 
 said I was the best friend old Jim had in the world, and the only 
 one he’d got now; and then I happened to look around, and see 
 that paper. 
 
 It was a close place. I took it up, and held it in my hand. I 
 was a-trembling, because I’d got to decide, for ever, betwixt two 
 things, and I knowed it. I studied a minute, sort of holding my 
 breath, and then says to myself: 
 
 “All right, then, I’ll go to hell”—and tore it up. 
 
 It was awful thoughts, and awful words, but they was said. 
 And I let them stay said; and never thought no more about 
 reforming. I shoved the whole thing out of my head; and said 
 I would take up wickedness again, which was in my line, being 
 brung up to it, and the other warn’t. And for a starter, I would 
 go to work and steal Jim out of slavery again; and if I could 
 think up anything worse, I would do that, too; because as long 
 as I was in, and in for good, I might as well go the whole 
 hog. 
 
 214 
 
